KALSHI KLEAR LLC
DERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZATION RULES

DCO Version 1.4

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Introduction​

1

Chapter 1 Definitions​

2

Rule 1.1 Definitions​

2

Rule 1.2 Rules of Construction​

10

Chapter 2 Company Governance​

12

Rule 2.1 Ownership​

12

Rule 2.2 Board​

12

Rule 2.3 Officers​

13

Rule 2.4 Eligibility and Fitness​

14

Rule 2.5 [Reserved]​

16

Rule 2.6 Committees and Subcommittees​

16

Rule 2.7 Regulatory Oversight Committee​

17

Rule 2.8 Risk Management Committee​

18

Rule 2.9 Membership Committee​

19

Rule 2.10 [Reserved]​

19

Rule 2.11 Disciplinary Panel and Appeals Committee​

19

Rule 2.12 Emergency Rules​

20

Rule 2.13 Conflicts of Interest​

22

Rule 2.14 Recordkeeping​

24

Rule 2.15 Information-Sharing Agreements​

25

Rule 2.16 [Reserved]​

25

Rule 2.17 Public Information​

25

Rule 2.18 Affiliate Entities​

26

Chapter 3 Participant and Introducing Broker Rules​

27

Rule 3.1 Jurisdiction, Applicability of Rules​

27

Rule 3.2 Member Agreements, Eligibility Criteria, Classifications and Privileges​

27

Rule 3.3 Member Obligations​

30

Rule 3.4 Participant, Introducing Broker and Authorized User Obligations​

31

Rule 3.5 FCM Customer Obligations​

32

Rule 3.6 Dues, Fees and Expenses Payable by Participants​

32

Rule 3.7 Recording of Communications​

33

Rule 3.8 Member Accounts​

33
2

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 3.9 Termination of Member Status​

34

Chapter 4 FCM Members and FCM Customers​

37

Rule 4.1 FCM Members​

37

Rule 4.2 FCM Customers​

39

Rule 4.3 FCM Accounts​

39

Rule 4.4 FCM Member Financial Requirements​

39

Chapter 5 [Reserved]​

41

Chapter 6 Clearing​

42

Rule 6.1 Clearance and Substitution​

42

Rule 6.2 Settlement of Contracts​

44

Rule 6.3 Deposit Procedures​

45

Rule 6.4 Withdrawal Procedures​

45

Rule 6.5 [Reserved]​

46

Rule 6.6 Reconciliation​

46

Rule 6.7 Swap Data Reporting​

46

Rule 6.8 Risk Management Actions​

47

Rule 6.9 Finality of Settlements​

48

Chapter 7 Margin​

49

Rule 7.1 Margin Requirements; Margin Payments​

49

Rule 7.2 Mechanics for Margin Payments​

49

Rule 7.3 Initial Margin​

51

Rule 7.4 Variation Margin​

52

Rule 7.5 Fully Collateralized Positions​

52

Rule 7.6 Collateral​

53

Rule 7.7 Segregation of Participant Funds​

54

Rule 7.8 Concentration Limits​

54

Rule 7.9 Investment of Participant Funds​

55

Rule 7.10 Separate Account Classes​

55

Chapter 8 Business Conduct and Trading Practices​

56

Rule 8.1 Scope​

56

Rule 8.2 Acts Detrimental to the Welfare or Reputation of the Company Prohibited​

56

Rule 8.3 Supervision; Information Sharing​

56

Rule 8.4 Business Conduct​

56

Rule 8.5 Compliance​

57
3

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 9 Discipline and Enforcement​

58

Rule 9.1 General​

58

Rule 9.2 Investigations​

60

Rule 9.3 Disciplinary Panel​

61

Rule 9.4 Notice of Charges​

61

Rule 9.5 Contesting and Appeals​

62

Rule 9.6 Settlements​

64

Rule 9.7 Notice of Decision​

65

Rule 9.8 Penalties​

65

Rule 9.9 Summary Suspension​

66

Rule 9.10 Reporting Violations to the Commission​

67

Rule 9.11 Coordination with Platforms​

68

Rule 9.12 Disciplinary Offenses​

68

Rule 9.13 Reporting Offenses to the CFTC​

68

Chapter 10 Arbitration​

69

Rule 10.1 In General​

69

Rule 10.2 Fair and Equitable Arbitration Procedures​

70

Rule 10.3 Withdrawal of Arbitration Claim​

71

Rule 10.4 Penalties​

71

Rule 10.5 Arbitration Panel​

71

Chapter 11 [RESERVED]​

72

Chapter 12 Default​

73

Rule 12.1 Member Defaults​

73

Rule 12.2 Liquidation on Termination or Suspension of Member​

73

Rule 12.3 Details of Implementation; Method of Closing-Out​

74

Rule 12.4 Guaranty Fund​

75

Rule 12.5 Monetary Default; Priority of Payments in Default​

79

Rule 12.6 Limited Recourse for Guaranty Fund Products​

87

Rule 12.7 Cooling Off Period​

88

Rule 12.8 Default Management Across Account Classes​

89

Rule 12.9 Close Out Netting​

91

Chapter 13 Miscellaneous​

94

Rule 13.1 Prohibited Conduct for Company Employees, Directors, and Consultants.​ 94
Rule 13.2 Property Rights​

96
4

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 13.3 Signatures​

97

Rule 13.4 Governing Law​

97

Rule 13.5 Legal Proceedings​

98

Rule 13.6 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; NO WARRANTIES​

98

Rule 13.7 Error Trade Policy​

101

Rule 13.8 Canceling Cleared Trades​

102

Rule 13.9 Amendments to the Rules​

102

Rule 13.10 Transfer of Trades​

102

Rule 13.11 Contracts Not Voidable​

102

5

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
DERIVATIVES CLEARING ORGANIZATION​
RULES OF KALSHI KLEAR LLC
Introduction
The Commodity Exchange Act requires that Kalshi Klear LLC (the “Company”) comply with
the core principles set forth in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and the regulations,
rules and orders of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC” or the
“Commission”), and establish, monitor and enforce its Rules relating to its business as a
derivatives clearing organization (“DCO”). The following DCO Rules of the Company pertain to
the clearing of Contracts as a provider of Clearing Services and the rights and Obligations of
Participants and Introducing Brokers in connection with such activities. Capitalized terms not
defined herein will have the meanings assigned to them in Chapter 1.

1

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 1​
Rule 1.1​

DEFINITIONS

Definitions

As used in these Rules, the following terms have the following respective meanings:
Affiliate: A Person who, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under
common control with another Person.
Anti-Money Laundering or AML: All laws, regulations and guidance relating to the
prevention of money-laundering and terrorist financing, including without limitation,
the Bank Secrecy Act, the PATRIOT Act, and all related regulations and orders issued
by the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the CFTC.
Appeals Committee: A committee of the Board composed of Directors pursuant to Rule
2.11, and that acts in an adjudicative role and fulfills various adjudicative responsibilities
and duties as described in Chapter 9.
Applicable Law: With respect to any Person, any statute, law, regulation, rule or
ordinance of any government, governmental or self-regulatory authority applicable to
such Person, including without limitation the CEA and CFTC Regulations and any laws
and regulations relating to economic or trade sanctions.
As Soon As Technologically Practicable: As soon as possible, taking into consideration
the prevalence, implementation, and use of technology by comparable market
participants.
Authorized Representative: With respect to any Member that is an entity, an officer of
such entity who is responsible for supervising clearing activities of the Member,
including activities of its Authorized User(s) and activities of its employees relating to
Transactions, and for providing information regarding the Member to the Company upon
request of the Company.
Authorized User: A natural person who is either employed by or is an agent of a
Member and who is authorized by the Member to clear Transactions; for the avoidance of
doubt, an Introducing Broker is not an Authorized User with respect to its IB Customers.
Block Trade: A privately negotiated transaction effected away from the central limit
order book.
Board: The Board of Directors of the Company.
Business Day: Any day on which a DCM or a SEF that clears trades through the
Company is open for trading, as the context requires
CEA: The Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.

2

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
CFTC Regulations: The regulations of the CFTC, as in effect from time to time,
including any Commission-issued orders or interpretive or no-action letters.
Chief Compliance Officer: The individual designated to serve as the Company’s chief
compliance officer, who has full responsibility and authority to develop and enforce, in
consultation with the board of directors, appropriate compliance policies and procedures,
to fulfill the duties set forth in the Act and Commission regulations.
Chief Executive Officer: The individual appointed by the Board to serve as the
Company’s chief executive officer.
Chief Risk Officer: The individual appointed by the Board to serve as the Company’s
chief risk officer, and is responsible for implementing the risk management framework
and for making appropriate recommendations to the risk management committee or board
of directors, as applicable, regarding risk management functions.
Cleared Swaps Customer: As set forth in CFTC Regulation 22.1.
Cleared Swaps Customer Account: As set forth in CFTC Regulation 22.1.
Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral: As set forth in CFTC Regulation 22.1.
Clearing House: the Company, a DCO.
Clearing Privileges: Any right granted by the Company to a Member to clear Contracts.
Clearing Services: The provision by the Clearing House to a registered DCM or SEF of
clearing, settlement and ancillary services in a non-discriminatory manner, subject to the
rules of the registered DCM or SEF.
Commission or CFTC: The U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.
Company: Kalshi Klear LLC.
Company Official: A Director, Officer, committee member, or such other individual as
the Board may designate from time to time.
Company Personnel: A Company employee, consultant of the Company, contractor of
the Company or agent of the Company.
Company Representative: Any Company official, Company employee, consultant of
the Company, contractor of the Company, or agent of the Company.
Compliance Department: The department, reporting to the Chief Compliance Officer,
that is responsible for compliance, investigations and disciplinary proceedings.
Contract: Any contract for which the Clearing House provides Clearing Services subject
to the Rules.
3

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Contract Specifications: The terms and conditions of a Contract as published in the
rules of and posted by a Platform.
Customer Due Diligence or CDD: The ongoing monitoring and documentation
related to each Member’s activities and risk profile in accordance with Applicable
Laws.
Default: As set forth in Chapter 12.
Designated Contract Market or DCM: A board of trade designated by the CFTC as a
contract market under Section 5 of the CEA and in accordance with the provisions of Part
38 of CFTC Regulations.
Director: A member of the Board.
Disciplinary Action: Any inquiry, investigation, disciplinary proceeding, appeal from a
disciplinary proceeding, summary imposition of fines, summary suspension or other
summary action.
Disciplinary Panel: A panel appointed by the Regulatory Oversight Committee pursuant
to Rule 2.11 to act in an adjudicative role and fulfill various adjudicative responsibilities
and duties as described in Chapter 9.
Eligible Contract Participant or ECP: As set forth in Section 1a(18) of the CEA and as
further defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3.
Emergency: Any occurrence or circumstance which, in the opinion of the Board, the
Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Compliance Officer, or a designee duly authorized to
issue such an opinion, requires immediate action, and which threatens, or may threaten,
such things as the fair and orderly trading in, the liquidation, settlement, delivery, or the
integrity of any Contract or the timely collection and payment of funds in connection
with clearing and settlement by the Company, including without limitation:
a.​

any circumstance that may materially affect the performance of any
Contract, including without limitation failure of the payment system, the
bankruptcy or insolvency of any Member, or any actual, attempted or
threatened theft or forgery of, or other interference with, the collateral or
delivery or transfer thereof;

b.​

any action taken by any United States or foreign regulatory,
self-regulatory, judicial, arbitral, or governmental (whether national, state
or municipal) or quasi- governmental authority, or any agency,
department, instrumentality, or subdivision thereof; or other Person
exercising, or entitled to exercise any administrative, executive, judicial,
legislative, police, regulatory or taxing authority or power; or any other
entity registered with the Commission, board of trade, market or facility

4

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
which may have a direct impact on trading, clearing, or settlement of any
Contract cleared through the Company;
c.​

any actual, attempted, or threatened corner, squeeze, congestion, or undue
concentration of positions in any Contract cleared through the Company;

d.​

any other circumstance that may have a severe, adverse effect upon the
functioning of the Company; or any manipulative or attempted
manipulative activity.

Emergency Action: An action deemed to be necessary or appropriate to respond to an
Emergency and taken pursuant to Rule 2.12.
Emergency Rules: Procedures or rules adopted in response to an Emergency pursuant to
Rule 2.12.
Futures Commission Merchant or FCM: A futures commission merchant as defined in
Section 1a(28) of the CEA that is registered with the CFTC and a member of the NFA.
FCM Member: A Futures Commission Merchant that has entered into an FCM Member
Agreement with the Company and may be authorized by a Platform to carry customer
accounts.
Futures Customer: As set forth in CFTC Regulation 1.3.
Futures Customer Account: As set forth in Rule 7.10.
Futures Customer Collateral: All money, securities, or other property received by the
Company from, for, or on behalf of a futures customer of a FCM Member, which money,
securities or other property is intended to or does margin, guarantee, or secure a futures
contract.
FCM Customer: A customer of an FCM Member.
FCM Customer Account: A Member Account established and maintained by the
Company for an FCM Member for its FCM Customers.
Introducing Broker or IB: Either a registered (i) Introducing Broker that may solicit or
accept Orders from IB Customers for execution on a Platform, where any resulting
Contracts are submitted for clearing by the Company, or (ii) futures commission
merchant engaged in such activity but not clearing any such resulting Contracts (i.e., a
futures commission merchant acting solely in an IB capacity).
IB Customer: A customer of an IB who is also a Self-Clearing Member or clearing
through an FCM Member as an FCM Customer.
Know Your Customer or KYC: The policies and procedures required to obtain and
retain a record of the essential facts concerning a Participant.

5

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Fully Collateralized Contract: A Contract entered into by a Member maintaining
sufficient Margin with the Company to fully collateralize the Obligation of the Member
to the Company associated with the Contract.
Initial Margin: Any Margin other than Variation Margin, including the initial amount of
collateral that must be deposited with or paid to the Company by Members in accordance
with the Rules in respect of Contracts held in Member Accounts.
Legal Entity Identifier or LEI: The identifying code that is required of each
counterparty to any swap subject to the CFTC’s jurisdiction and that is used in all
recordkeeping and all swap data reporting pursuant to Part 45 of CFTC Regulations,
including any predecessor identifiers and including the Global Markets Entity Identifier
(“GMEI”), which is the current identifier required by the CFTC until the establishment of
a global Legal Entity Identifier system. LEIs must be renewed on an annual basis.
Market Participant Director: A Director who has been found by the Board to be a
market participant and suitable to be a Director pursuant to Section 5b(c)(2)(Q) of the
CEA.
Margin: Initial Margin or Variation Margin or either of them.
Margined Contract: Any Contract that is not a Fully Collateralized Contract.
Material Relationship: As set forth in Rule 2.2G.
Maximum Downside Exposure: The Total Exposure less the minimum possible
settlement value of the positions of a Participant.
Member: An FCM Member and/or a Self-Clearing Member.
Member Account: An account established and maintained for a Member by the
Company on its books and records to which a financial asset is or may be credited in
accordance with these Rules and such other procedures as the Company may implement
from time to time.
Member Agreement: The agreement between the Company and any Person that the
Person must agree to prior to the Person becoming a Member (FCM Members and
Self-Clearing Members each have a specific Member Agreement).
Member Portal: The vehicle through which Members send and receive messages to or
from the Company and other Members, update account and contact information, and
submit deposit and withdrawal notifications. This can include a Platform or an IB, if
Members send and receive messages via the Platform or IB.
Membership Committee: A committee of the Board composed of Directors pursuant to
Rule 2.9.
NFA: The National Futures Association.
6

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Notice: A communication sent by or on behalf of the Company to all Members or IBs in
accordance with Rule 2.17.
Notice of Charges: As set forth in Rule 9.4.
Novation: The process whereby a party to a Contract entered into on a SEF or DCM that
clears through the Company transfers all of its rights, liabilities, duties and obligations
under the Contract to a new legal party other than the counterparty to the original
Contract. The transferee accepts all of the transferor’s rights, liabilities, duties and
obligations under the original Contract.
Obligation: Any Rule, order or procedure issued by the Company, including a Notice or
other requirement implemented by the Company under the Rules, as well as any
contractual obligations between, on the one hand, a Person, and on the other hand, the
Company, and any Transaction entered into by a Member, Authorized User, or FCM
Customer.
OFAC: The Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury.
Officer: An individual as set forth in Rule 2.3.
Operating Agreement: The Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of the
Company, as it may be modified from time to time.
Order: Either a bid or an offer for a Contract cleared by the Company that is subject to
these Rules.
Participant: A Self-Clearing Member, an FCM Member, and/or an FCM Customer.
Person: As defined in Section 1a(38) of the CEA and in CFTC Regulation 1.3.
Platform: The electronic trading facility operated by the SEF or DCM that clears
through the Company that provides Members with the ability to execute Orders and
Transactions from the interaction of multiple bids and multiple offers within a
pre-determined, non-discretionary automated trade matching and execution algorithm.
Proprietary Data and Personal Information: Information identifying a natural person
(e.g., name, e-mail address) or other data proprietary to any Person that discloses such
Person’s trade secrets, market positions and/or other business transactions, excluding
Transaction Data.
Proprietary Information: As set forth in Rule 13.2A.
Public Director: A Director who has been found by the Board to have no Material
Relationship with the Company in accordance with Rule 2.2G.
Public Dissemination and Publicly Disseminate: To publish and make available Swap
transaction and pricing data in a non-discriminatory manner, through the Internet or other
7

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
electronic data feed that is widely published (in a manner that is freely available and
readily accessible to the public) and in machine-readable electronic format.
Regulatory Agency: Any government body, including the Commission, and any
organization, whether domestic or foreign, granted authority under statutory or regulatory
provisions to regulate its own activities and the activities of its members, and includes the
Company, any SEF or DCM that clears through the Company, and NFA.
Regulatory Oversight Committee: The committee of the Board constituted in
accordance with Rule 2.7.
Regulatory Swap Data: Includes (i) Swap Transaction and Pricing Data, (ii) Required
Swap Creation Data and (iii) Required Swap Continuation Data.
Reporting Counterparty: As set forth in Part 45 of CFTC Regulations and means the
Participant that is designated as the Reporting Counterparty for swap data reporting
purposes.
Required Swap Continuation Data: As set forth in CFTC Regulation 45.1.
Required Swap Creation Data: As set forth in CFTC Regulation 45.1.
Respondent: Any Person subject to a Disciplinary Action and such Person’s legal
counsel or representative.
Risk Management Committee: The committee appointed by the Board and constituted
in accordance with Rule 2.8.
Rules: These rules of the Company, as in effect and as may be amended from time to
time.
Self-Clearing Member: A Person, other than an FCM Member, that has entered into the
Member Agreement for Self-Clearing Members or an FCM Member clearing for its own
proprietary account (as defined by CFTC Regulation 1.3).
Self-Clearing Member Account: A Member Account established and maintained by the
Company for a Self-Clearing Member, which includes a Member Account for an FCM
Member clearing for its proprietary account (as defined by CFTC Regulation 1.3).
Self-Regulatory Organization: Except for purposes of Rule 2.4A-6., as set forth in
CFTC Regulation 1.3 and includes a DCO, SEF, and DCM.
Settlement Bank: A depository approved by the Company as an acceptable location for
depositing Member funds.
Settlement Bank Business Day: A day a Settlement Bank is open for business.

8

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Sub-Account: Distinct account segments maintained by a Self-Clearing Member, each
with a unique identification code for the separate recording of details of Transactions
based on the manner in which the Transactions were executed (e.g., through a particular
Introducing Broker or Authorized User), for which margin and collateral are calculated
separately.
Swap: A Contract that is a swap as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and as further
defined by CFTC Regulation 1.3, and shall include Contracts that are options as set forth
in the Contract Specifications.
Swap Data Repository or SDR: As set forth in Section 1a(48) of the CEA and
registered with the Commission pursuant to Section 21 of the CEA and in accordance
with Part 49 of CFTC Regulations.
Swap Execution Facility or SEF: As set forth in Section 1a(50) of the CEA and
registered with the Commission pursuant to Section 5h of the CEA and in accordance
with the provisions of Part 37 of CFTC Regulations.
Swap Transaction and Pricing Data: Any data required to be reported under Part 43 of
CFTC Regulations.
Total Exposure: The sum of the price basis of contracts purchased by a Participant, in
the absence of any netting or hedging.
Trading Hours: The hours during which Orders may be entered according to the rules of
a SEF or DCM that clears through the Company, and as may be revised from time to time
by such SEF or DCM.
Transaction: Any purchase or sale of any Contract made on a Platform or pursuant to the
Rules.
Transaction Data: Orders, bids, offers and related information concerning Contracts
executed subject to the Rules, together with all information and other content contained
in, displayed on, generated by or derived from the Platform.
UCC: The Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in the State of New York.
Underlying: The index, rate, risk, measure, instrument, differential, indicator, value,
contingency, commodity, occurrence, or extent of an occurrence that shall determine the
amount payable or deliverable under a Contract.
Unique Swap Identifier or USI or Unique Transaction Identifier or UTI: The unique
identifier for a swap transaction, which shall be created, transmitted, and used for each
swap executed on a SEF or DCM that clears through the Company as provided in CFTC
Regulation 45.5.
Variation Margin: The Margin calculated and paid in accordance with Rule 7.4.
9

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Website: The Company home page and related web pages on the Internet, or a website to
which the Company home page has a link, or the website of a Platform.
Withdrawal Close-Out Deadline Date: (i) In the case of a Member whose status as a
Member has been involuntarily terminated by the Company, the date so designated by the
Company; and (ii) in the case of a Member that has delivered a Withdrawal Notice, the
date falling 30 Business Days after such Clearing Member’s Withdrawal Notice Date or
such later date as the Company may in its discretion permit and notify in writing to the
affected Member, provided such date is not in excess of the earlier of the end of the most
recent Cooling Off Period existing as of the Withdrawal Notice Date or six months from
the Withdrawal Notice Date.
Withdrawal Date: In respect of the termination of Member status for a withdrawing
Member, the later of (i) where applicable, the Withdrawal Close-Out Deadline Date; and
(ii) the date as of which all of the withdrawing Member’s open positions in respect of its
Member Account(s), as applicable, have been terminated or closed out in full and all
obligations of the withdrawing Member in respect thereof have been satisfied and
performed in full.
Withdrawal Notice: A notice served by the Member to the Company under the Rules
indicating that such Member intends to withdraw from being a Member (and thereby
becomes a “withdrawing Member”).
Withdrawal Notice Date: The date on which a Member delivers a Withdrawal Notice to
the Company.
Rule 1.2​

Rules of Construction

For purposes of these Rules, the following rules of construction shall apply:
1.​

Words conveying a singular number include the plural number, where the context
permits, and vice versa.

2.​

References to any Regulatory Agency include any successor Regulatory Agency.

3.​

If, for any reason, a Rule is found or determined to be invalid or unenforceable by
a court of law, the Commission or another governmental or quasi-governmental
agency with supervisory authority, such Rule shall be considered severed from the
Rules and all other Rules shall remain in full force and effect.

4.​

All references to time are to the local time in New York, New York unless
expressly provided otherwise.

5.​

All terms defined in the UCC and not otherwise defined herein shall have the
respective meanings accorded to them therein.

10

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
6.​

In the event of a conflict between these Rules and a non-disclosure agreement
between the Company, or an Affiliate of the Company, and a Participant or IB,
these Rules shall govern.

7.​

In the event of a conflict between these Rules and the CEA or CFTC Regulations,
the applicable provision of the CEA and/or CFTC Regulation shall govern.

8.​

All cross-references to Rules are for convenience only. A Rule’s meaning is not
altered because of an out-of-date or erroneous cross-reference.

9.​

All references to CFTC Regulation parts and sections include successor parts and
sections.

10.​

All ambiguities are to be resolved in favor of an interpretation that is consistent
with Applicable Law.

11

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 2​
Rule 2.1​

COMPANY GOVERNANCE

Ownership

The Company is a Delaware limited liability company. The management and operation of the
Company is governed by the Operating Agreement and the Rules. Member status does not confer
any equity interest or voting right in the Company.
Rule 2.2​

Board

A.​

The Board’s mission is to oversee Klear’s business activities to ensure that Klear
continues to provide safe, secure, and efficient Clearing Services for the financial
markets.

B.​

The Board shall, subject to applicable provisions in the Operating Agreement:

C.​

D.​

1.​

Be the governing body of the Company;

2.​

Be constituted, and shall constitute its committees or subcommittees, to permit
consideration of the views of market participants;

3.​

Have charge and control of all property of the Company;

4.​

Provide, acquire and maintain adequate Company offices and facilities;

5.​

Adopt, amend or repeal any Rules, with the input of Officers and committees or
subcommittees;

6.​

Have the power to act in Emergencies as detailed in Rule 2.12; and

7.​

Make certain that the Company’s design, rules, overall strategy, and major
decisions appropriately reflect the legitimate interests of clearing members,
customers of clearing members, and other relevant stakeholders.

To the extent consistent with other statutory and regulatory requirements on
confidentiality and disclosure:
1.​

Major decisions of the Board shall be clearly disclosed to Participants and other
relevant stakeholders in the manner set forth in this Chapter, and to the
Commission; and

2.​

Major decisions of the Board having a broad market impact shall be clearly
disclosed to the public via publication on the Website.

Any authority or discretion by the Rules vested in any Officer or delegated to any
committee or subcommittee shall not be construed to deprive the Board of such authority
or discretion and, in the event of a conflict, the determination of the matter by the Board
shall prevail.
12

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
E.​

A majority of the Directors serving on the Board, including at least one Public Director,
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business of the Board. At all times when
the Board is conducting business at a meeting of the Board, a quorum of the Board must
be present at such meeting. The Board may act only by the decision of a majority of the
Directors constituting a quorum of the Board by vote at a meeting, by unanimous written
consent without a meeting, or as otherwise set forth in the Operating Agreement.

F.​

The Board shall comprise the number of Directors set forth in the Operating Agreement,
which shall include Public Directors and Market Participant Directors in at least the
number or percentage required under the CEA or CFTC Regulations, but in any event, (i)
no less than two Directors shall be Public Directors, and (ii) no less than one Director
shall be a Market Participant Director.

G.​

To qualify as a Public Director, an individual must be found, by the Board and on the
record, to have no Material Relationship, as defined below, with the Company. The Board
must make such finding at the time the Public Director is elected and as often as
necessary in light of all circumstances relevant to such Public Director, but in no case less
than annually. A “Material Relationship” is one that reasonably could affect the
independent judgment or decision-making of the Director. The Board need not consider
previous service as a Director of the Company to constitute a Material Relationship. A
Director shall be considered to have a Material Relationship with the Company if any of
the following circumstances exist or have existed within the past year:
1.​

such Director is or was an Officer or an employee of the Company, or an officer
or an employee of an Affiliate of the Company; or

2.​

such Director is or was a director, an officer, or an employee of a Participant or
IB.

H.​

If any of the immediate family of a Director, i.e., spouse, parents, children, and siblings,
in each case, whether by blood, marriage, or adoption, or any person residing in the home
of the Director or that of his or her immediate family have a Material Relationship as
defined above, then that Material Relationship is deemed to apply to such Director.

I.​

The Board shall have procedures, as may be adopted by the Board from time to time, to
remove a Director where the conduct of such Director is likely to be prejudicial to the
sound and prudent management of the Company.

J.​

The Board shall review its performance and that of its individual Directors annually and
shall consider periodically using external facilitators for such review.

Rule 2.3​
A.​

Officers

The Board shall appoint a Chief Executive Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk
Officer and such other officers of the Company as it may deem necessary or appropriate
from time to time.

13

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
B.​

The Chief Compliance Officer must:
1.​

have the background and skills appropriate for fulfilling the responsibilities of the
position;

2.​

be an individual who would not be disqualified from registration under Section
8a(2) or 8a(3) of the CEA;

3.​

report to the Board or, in the event that the Board delegates its authority to the
Chief Executive Officer, to the Chief Executive Officer; and

4.​

fulfill his or her duties as required pursuant to CFTC Regulations, including, but
not limited to, the preparation and submission of an annual compliance report as
described in CFTC Regulation 39.10(c)(3), and assist the Regulatory Oversight
Committee in its preparation of an annual report.

C.​

Any Officer may also be a director, officer, partner or employee of the Company or of
any of its Affiliates, subject to disclosure and resolution of conflicts of interest.

D.​

The Officers shall have such powers and duties in the management of the Company as the
Board may prescribe from time to time, subject to any limitations set forth in the
Operating Agreement.

E.​

Each Officer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to the Operating Agreement with
respect to matters relating to the Company.

Rule 2.4​
A.​

Eligibility and Fitness

An individual may not serve as a Director or Officer, or serve on a committee or
subcommittee established by the Board, or hold a 10 percent or more ownership interest
in the Company, if the individual:
1.​

within the prior three years has been found, by a final decision of a court of
competent jurisdiction, an administrative law judge, the CFTC, or any
Self-Regulatory Organization, to have committed a disciplinary offense;

2.​

within the prior three years has entered into a settlement agreement in which any
of the findings or, in the absence of such findings, any of the acts charged
included a disciplinary offense;

3.​

is currently suspended from trading on a Designated Contract Market or a Swap
Execution Facility, is suspended or expelled from membership in a
Self-Regulatory Organization, is serving any sentence of probation, or owes any
portion of a fine or penalty imposed pursuant to either:
a.​

a finding by final decision of a court of competent jurisdiction, an
administrative law judge, the CFTC or any Self-Regulatory Organization
that such person committed a disciplinary offense; or
14

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
b.​

a settlement agreement in which any of the findings or, in the absence of
such findings, any of the acts charged included a disciplinary offense;

4.​

is currently subject to an agreement with the CFTC or Self-Regulatory
Organization not to apply for registration with the CFTC or for membership in the
applicable Self-Regulatory Organization;

5.​

is currently, or within the past three years has been, subject to a revocation or
suspension of registration by the CFTC, or has been convicted within the past
three years of any of the felonies listed in Section 8a(2)(D)(ii) through (iv) of the
CEA;

6.​

is currently subject to a denial, suspension or disqualification from serving on a
disciplinary panel, arbitration panel or governing board of any Self-Regulatory
Organization as that term is defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; or

7.​

is subject to a statutory disqualification pursuant to Section 8a(2) of the CEA.

For purposes of this Rule 2.4A, the terms “disciplinary offense,” “final decision” and
“settlement agreement” have the meaning given those terms in CFTC Regulation 1.63(a).
B.​

An individual may not serve as a Director or Officer, or serve on a committee or
subcommittee established by the Board, or hold a 10 percent or more ownership interest
in the Company, if the individual has been informed by the Company in a notice under
Chapter 9 of these Rules that the person has committed a disciplinary offense, for the
duration of the time specified in the Notice.

C.​

Any Director, Officer, member of a committee established by the Board, and any
individual nominated to serve in any such role, shall immediately notify the Chief
Executive Officer if such individual is subject to one or more of the criteria in Rule 2.4A.
Prior to nomination to the Board, each individual shall certify he or she is not disqualified
pursuant to Rule 2.4A. Upon appointment, each Director, Officer, and member of a
committee shall provide to the Company, where applicable, changes in registration
information within 30 days and certification of compliance accordingly. The Company
shall verify information supporting Board compliance with eligibility criteria.

D.​

To serve as a Director, an individual must possess the ability to contribute to the effective
oversight and management of the Company, taking into account the needs of the
Company and such factors as the individual’s experience, perspective, skills and
knowledge of the industry in which the Company operates.

E.​

A Director or Officer must meet any qualifications set forth from time to time in the
Operating Agreement.

15

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
F.​

An individual may not serve on any Disciplinary Panel, arbitration panel, or the Appeals
Committee during any proceeding affecting or concerning such individual, to be
determined in a reasonable manner by the Company’s Chief Compliance Officer.

G.​

If the Company determines that an individual subject to this Rule 2.4 no longer meets the
criteria set forth in this Rule 2.4.A., the Company shall inform the CFTC of such
determination. The Company shall provide to the CFTC, upon request, an individual’s
certification of compliance with the criteria set forth in Rule 2.4.A.

H.​

The Company shall submit to the CFTC within thirty days after each Board election, a
list of the Board’s Directors, the Participant interests they represent, and how the
composition of the Board meets the requirements of CFTC Regulation 1.64(b) and the
Company’s Rules and procedures.

Rule 2.5​

[Reserved]

Rule 2.6​

Committees and Subcommittees

A.​

The Board may create, appoint Directors to serve on, and delegate powers to committees
and subcommittees. There shall be a Regulatory Oversight Committee, a Risk
Management Committee, a Membership Committee, a Disciplinary Panel, and an
Appeals Committee, as well as any other committee that the Board duly forms.

B.​

Each committee and subcommittee shall assist in the supervision, management and
control of the affairs of the Company within its particular area of responsibility, subject to
the Operating Agreement and the authority of the Board.

C.​

Subject to the authority of the Board, each committee and subcommittee shall determine
the manner and form in which its proceedings shall be conducted. A majority of the
members serving on a committee or subcommittee, including at least one Public Director,
shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business of a committee or subcommittee.
Each committee and subcommittee may act only by the decision of a quorum, by vote at
a meeting or by unanimous written consent without a meeting. The Board has the
authority to overrule the decisions of any committee or subcommittee.

D.​

In the event the Board rejects a recommendation or supersedes an action of the
Regulatory Oversight Committee, the Risk Management Committee or the Chief
Compliance Officer, the Company shall maintain documentation detailing: (1) the
recommendation or action of the Regulatory Oversight Committee, the Risk Management
Committee or the Chief Compliance Officer, as the case may be; (2) the rationale for such
recommendation or action; (3) the rationale of the Board for rejecting such
recommendation or superseding such action; and (4) the course of action that the Board
decided to take contrary to such recommendation or action.

E.​

In the event that the Risk Management Committee rejects a recommendation or
supersedes an action of any of its subcommittees, the Company shall maintain
documentation detailing (1) the recommendation or action of the subcommittee; (2) the
16

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
rationale for such recommendation or action; (3) the rationale of the Risk Management
Committee for rejecting such recommendation or superseding such action; and (4) the
course of action that the Risk Management Committee decided to take contrary to such
recommendation or action.
Rule 2.7​

Regulatory Oversight Committee

A.​

The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall be a standing committee of the Board
consisting of only Public Directors, as appointed from time to time. No less than two
Public Directors shall serve on the Regulatory Oversight Committee.

B.​

Each member of the Regulatory Oversight Committee shall serve for a term of one
calendar year from the date of his or her appointment or for the remainder of his or her
term as a Public Director, and until the due appointment of his or her successor, or until
his or her earlier resignation or removal, with or without cause, as a member of the
Regulatory Oversight Committee or as a Public Director. A member of the Regulatory
Oversight Committee may serve for multiple terms.

C.​

The Regulatory Oversight Committee of the Board of Directors’ mission is to ensure that
the Company performs its function and mission in a manner that is fully compliant with
the CEA, CFTC Regulations, and Applicable Law.

D.​

The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall oversee the Company’s regulatory program
on behalf of the Board. The Board shall delegate sufficient authority, dedicate sufficient
resources, and allow sufficient time for the Regulatory Oversight Committee to fulfill its
mandate. The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall make such recommendations to the
Board that will, in its judgment, best promote the interests of the Company. The
Regulatory Oversight Committee shall also have such other powers and perform such
other duties as set forth in the Rules and as the Board may delegate to it from time to
time.

E.​

The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall appoint individuals to the Disciplinary Panel
in accordance with these Rules, Applicable Law and the composition requirements of the
Disciplinary Panel. The Committee shall appoint at least one person who would not be
disqualified from serving as a Public Director, and who shall serve as the Chairperson of
the Disciplinary Panel.

F.​

The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall supervise the Chief Compliance Officer of the
Company. The Regulatory Oversight Committee has sole authority to determine and
implement changes to the Chief Compliance Officer’s salary that exceed 10%. The
Regulatory Oversight Committee has sole authority to terminate the Chief Compliance
Officer.

G.​

The Regulatory Oversight Committee shall prepare an annual report that assesses the
Company’s self-regulatory program for the Board and the CFTC. The annual report sets
forth the regulatory program’s expenses, describes its staffing and structure, catalogues
disciplinary actions taken during the year, and reviews the performance of the
17

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Disciplinary Panel. Such report may be prepared in conjunction with the Chief
Compliance Officer’s annual compliance report as required pursuant to CFTC Regulation
39.10(c)(3).
H.​

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Regulatory Oversight Committee
shall have the authority to:
1.​

monitor the regulatory program of the Company for sufficiency, effectiveness, and
independence;

2.​

oversee all facets of the regulatory program, including trade practice and market
surveillance; audits, examinations, and other regulatory responsibilities with
respect to Participants and IBs (including ensuring compliance with financial
integrity, financial reporting, sales practice, recordkeeping, and other
requirements); and the conduct of investigations;

3.​

review the size and allocation of the regulatory budget and resources; and the
number, hiring, termination, and compensation of regulatory personnel;

4.​

recommend changes that would ensure fair, vigorous, and effective regulation;
and

5.​

review all regulatory proposals prior to implementation to make certain that the
proposals appropriately reflect the legitimate interests of Participants, IBs, and
other relevant stakeholders and advise the Board as to whether and how such
changes may impact regulation.

Rule 2.8​

Risk Management Committee

A.​

The Risk Management Committee shall be a standing committee consisting of no fewer
than one Public Director, two Market Participant Directors, two representatives of
customers of Members, and one Company Officer. The Risk Management Committee
also may allow the participation of other market participants.

B.​

Each member of the Risk Management Committee shall serve for a term of one calendar
year from the date of his or her appointment or for the remainder of his or her term as a
Public Director, as applicable, and until the due appointment of his or her successor, or
until his or her earlier resignation or removal, with or without cause, as a member of the
Risk Management Committee or as a Public Director. A member of the Risk
Management Committee may serve for multiple terms.

C.​

The Risk Management Committee’s mission is to oversee the Company’s risk
management program as it relates to clearing and margin risk and the Company’s default
management program, and to ensure that the Company adequately controls risk.

D.​

The Risk Management Committee shall oversee the Company’s risk management
program as it relates to clearing and margin risk. The Board shall delegate sufficient
authority, dedicate sufficient resources, and allow sufficient time for the Risk
18

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Management Committee to fulfill its mandate. The Risk Management Committee shall
make such recommendations to the Board that will, in its judgment, best promote the
interests of the Company.
E.​

The Committee shall establish and oversee at least one market participant risk advisory
working group (“Working Group”) as a forum to seek risk-based input from a broad
array of market participants. The Committee may establish more than one Working
Group, at its discretion.

F.​

The Risk Management Committee shall also have such other powers and perform such
other duties as set forth in the Rules, in the Risk Management Committee Charter, and as
the Board may delegate to it from time to time.

Rule 2.9​

Membership Committee

A.​

The Membership Committee shall be a standing committee of the Board consisting of at
least 35 percent Public Directors, as appointed from time to time. No less than two Public
Directors shall serve on the Membership Committee.

B.​

Each member of the Membership Committee shall serve for a term of one calendar year
from the date of his or her appointment or for the remainder of his or her term as a Public
Director, as applicable, and until the due appointment of his or her successor, or until his
or her earlier resignation or removal, with or without cause, as a member of the
Membership Committee or as a Public Director. A member of the Membership
Committee may serve for multiple terms.

C.​

The Membership Committee shall, determine the standards and requirements for initial
and continuing membership or participation eligibility; review appeals of Company staff
denials of applications for Membership; and approve measures that would result in
different categories or classes of Company membership. In reviewing staff denials, the
Membership Committee shall not uphold any such Company staff denial if the relevant
application satisfies the standards and requirements that the Membership Committee sets
forth. The Membership Committee shall not, and shall not permit the Company to,
restrict access or impose burdens on access in a discriminatory manner within each
category or class of Members or between similarly situated categories or classes of
Members.

Rule 2.10​

[Reserved]

Rule 2.11​

Disciplinary Panel and Appeals Committee

A.​

The Disciplinary Panel shall be:
1.​

a standing committee consisting of at least three members, including at least one
person who would not be disqualified from serving as a Public Director who will
serve as the chairperson, as appointed from time to time. At least one member of
the Disciplinary Panel must be a Member or an employee of a Member. The
19

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Board may establish more than one Disciplinary Panel. The Regulatory Oversight
Committee will appoint individuals for membership on the Disciplinary Panel.
Each Disciplinary Panel shall include members with sufficient differing
experience and Participant interests so as to ensure fairness and to prevent special
treatment or preference for any Person.
2.​

responsible for conducting hearings, rendering decisions, and imposing sanctions
with respect to any Disciplinary Action. The Disciplinary Panel shall also have
such other powers and perform such other duties as set forth in the Rules and as
the Board may determine from time to time.

B.​

Each member of the Disciplinary Panel shall serve for a term of two calendar years from
the date of his or her appointment, and until the due appointment of his or her successor,
or until his or her earlier resignation or removal, with or without cause, as a member of
the Disciplinary Panel. A member of the Disciplinary Panel may serve for multiple terms.

C.​

The Appeals Committee shall be:

D.​

1.​

a standing committee consisting of at least three members of the Board. The
members of the Appeals Committee and its Chairperson shall be appointed by the
Chairperson of the Board, provided that, at all times the Appeals Committee shall
include at least one Public Director who shall serve as the Chairperson of the
Appeals Committee.

2.​

responsible for conducting hearings of appeals of decisions of the Disciplinary
Panel, rendering decisions of such appeals, and imposing sanctions with respect to
such appeals. The Appeals Committee shall also have such other powers and
perform such other duties as set forth in these Rules and as the Board may
determine from time to time.

Each member of the Appeals Committee shall serve for a term of one calendar year from
the date of his or her appointment or for the remainder of his or her term as a Public
Director, as applicable, and until the due appointment of his or her successor, or until his
or her earlier resignation or removal, with or without cause, as a member of the Appeals
Committee or as a Public Director. A member of the Appeals Committee may serve for
multiple terms.

Rule 2.12​

Emergency Rules

A.​

During an Emergency, the Company may implement temporary emergency procedures
and rules pursuant to Rule 2.12D, subject to the applicable provisions of the CEA and
CFTC Regulations.

B.​

The Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee or, if the Chief Compliance Officer
or his or her designee is unavailable, the Chief Executive Officer or his or her designee,
are authorized to determine whether an Emergency exists and whether Emergency Rules
or Emergency Actions are warranted. Emergency Rules may require or authorize the
20

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Company, the Board, any committee of the Board or any Officer to take Emergency
Actions, including, but not limited to, the following actions:
1.​

suspend or curtail clearing of any Contract traded on a SEF or DCM that clears
through the Company, or limit such clearing to transactions that result in
liquidations;

2.​

[Reserved];

3.​

provide alternative settlement mechanisms for any Contract cleared by the
Company (including by altering the settlement terms or conditions or fixing the
settlement price);

4.​

order the transfer or liquidation of open positions in any Contract cleared by the
Company; provided that if a Contract is fungible with a contract on another
Platform in addition to the Company, the liquidation or transfer of open interest in
such Contract will be ordered only as directed, or agreed to, by CFTC staff or the
CFTC;

5.​

[Reserved];

6.​

require Participants to meet special margin requirements;

7.​

order the transfer of Contracts and the associated margin;

8.​

impose or modify position limits, price limits, and intraday market restrictions; or

9.​

any other action, if so directed by the CFTC.

C.​

Before taking an Emergency Action, the effects of such Emergency Action on markets
underlying the Contract(s) affected by such Emergency Action, on markets that are linked
or referenced to such Contracts and similar markets on other trading venues, or any
potential conflicts of interest shall be considered and documented as required under Rule
2.12F.

D.​

Before any Emergency Rule may be adopted and enforced, the Regulatory Oversight
Committee shall approve the implementation of such Emergency Rule at a duly convened
meeting. If the Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, or if the Chief
Compliance Officer or his or her designee is unavailable, the Chief Executive Officer, or
his or her designee, determines that Emergency Rules must be implemented with respect
to an Emergency before a meeting of the Regulatory Oversight Committee can
reasonably be convened, then the Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, or if
the Chief Compliance Officer or his or her designee is unavailable, the Chief Executive
Officer, or his or her designee, shall have the authority, without Board or committee
action, to implement any Emergency Rules with respect to such Emergency that he or she
deems necessary or appropriate to respond to such Emergency. In such circumstances, the
Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, or if the Chief Compliance Officer or
his or her designee is unavailable, the Chief Executive Officer, or his or her designee,
21

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
must convene a meeting of the Regulatory Oversight Committee to ratify the actions
taken by the Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, or the Chief Executive
Officer, or his or her designee, as soon as practicable. Whenever the Company
implements an Emergency Rule or takes an Emergency Action, a duly authorized
representative of the Company, where possible, will inform Participants through a Notice.
E.​

The Company will use reasonable efforts to notify the CFTC and the Board prior to
implementing, modifying or terminating an Emergency Rule. If such prior notification is
not possible or practicable, the Company will notify the CFTC and the Board as soon as
possible or reasonably practicable, but in any event no longer than 24 hours after
implementing, modifying or terminating an Emergency Rule.

F.​

Upon taking any Emergency Action, the Company will document the decision- making
process related to such Emergency Action, including the process for minimizing conflicts
of interest, the extent to which the Company considered the effect of its Emergency
Action on the Underlying markets and on markets that are linked or referenced to the
contract market and similar markets on other trading venues, and reasons for using
emergency authority under this Rule 2.12. Such documentation will be maintained in
accordance with Rule 2.14.

G.​

The Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee, or if the Chief Compliance Officer
or his or her designee is unavailable, the Chief Executive Officer, or his or her designee,
may determine that an Emergency has been reduced sufficiently to allow the Company to
resume normal functioning, in which case any Emergency Actions responding to such
Emergency may be terminated and a duly authorized representative of the Company will
inform Members through a Notice.

H.​

Members must promptly notify the Company of any circumstance that may give rise to a
declaration of an Emergency.

Rule 2.13​
A.​

Conflicts of Interest

Named Party in Interest Conflict
1.​

No member of the Board, Board Committee, or Disciplinary Panel shall
participate in such body’s deliberations or voting in any matter involving a named
party in interest where such member:
a.​

is the named party in interest in the matter;

b.​

is an employer, employee or fellow employee of a named party in interest;

c.​

is associated with a named party in interest through a “broker association”
as defined in CFTC Regulation 156.1;

d.​

has any other significant, ongoing business relationship with a named
party in interest, excluding relationships limited to Contracts cleared
through the Company; or
22

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
e.​

B.​

has a family relationship (i.e., the member’s spouse, parents, children, and
siblings, in each case, whether by blood, marriage, or adoption, or any
person residing in the home of the member or that of his or her immediate
family) with a named party in interest.

2.​

Prior to consideration of any matter involving a named party in interest, each
member of the deliberating body shall disclose to the Chief Compliance Officer
whether such member has one of the relationships listed above with a named
party in interest.

3.​

The Chief Compliance Officer shall determine whether any member of the
relevant deliberating body is subject to a conflicts restriction under this Rule
2.13.A. Such determination shall be based upon a review of the following
information:
a.​

information provided by such member pursuant to clause (2) above; and

b.​

any other source of information that is held by and reasonably available to
the Company.

Financial Interest in a Significant Action Conflict
1.​

No member of the Board, Board Committee or Disciplinary Panel shall participate
in the body’s deliberations or voting on any significant action if such member
knowingly has a direct and substantial financial interest in the result of the vote
based upon either Company or non-Company positions that could reasonably be
expected to be affected by the action.

2.​

Prior to consideration of any significant action, each member of the deliberating
body who does not choose to abstain from deliberations and voting shall disclose
to the Chief Compliance Officer any information that may be relevant to a
determination of whether such member has a direct and substantial financial
interest in the result of the vote.

3.​

The Chief Compliance Officer shall determine whether any member of the
relevant deliberating body who does not choose to abstain from deliberations and
voting is subject to a conflicts restriction under this Rule 2.13.B based on a review
of the totality of the circumstances.

4.​

Any member who would otherwise be required to abstain from deliberations and
voting pursuant to clause (1) above may participate in deliberations, but not in
voting, if the deliberating body, after considering the factors specified below,
determines that such participation would be consistent with the public interest
(e.g. if the member has significant expertise and background that provides useful
context); provided, however, that before reaching any such determination, the
deliberating body will fully consider the information specified in clause (3) above
which is the basis for such member’s direct and substantial financial interest in
23

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
the significant action that is being contemplated. In making its determination, the
deliberating body shall consider:

C.​

D.​

a.​

whether such member’s participation could unduly influence the outcome
of the deliberations;

b.​

whether such member’s participation in the deliberations is necessary to
achieve a quorum; and

c.​

whether such member has unique or special expertise, knowledge or
experience in the matter being considered.

The minutes of any meeting to which the conflicts determination procedures set forth in
this Rule apply shall reflect the following information:
1.​

the names of all members who participated in such meeting;

2.​

the name of any member who voluntarily recused himself or herself or was
required to abstain from deliberations or voting on a matter and the reason for the
recusal or abstention, if stated;

3.​

the information that was reviewed for each member of the relevant deliberating
body; and

4.​

any determination made in accordance with Rule 2.13A.3 or Rule 2.13B.4 above.

The Company provides Clearing Services for the Kalshi Exchange, and is an affiliate of
the Kalshi Exchange. In addition, Company employees also work for the Kalshi
Exchange. This affiliation and the existence of employees who work for both the
Company and a Platform may present conflicts of interest. Participants should take this
into consideration prior to clearing with Company or trading on the Kalshi Exchange.

Rule 2.14​

Recordkeeping

A.​

The Company shall keep, or cause to be kept, complete and accurate books and records
of accounts and activities of the Company, including all books, records and other
documentation required to be maintained pursuant to the CEA and CFTC Regulations.

B.​

The Company shall retain all such books and records in accordance with the CEA and
CFTC Regulations.

C.​

The Company will provide information required to be maintained or provided pursuant to
the CEA and CFTC Regulations to the Commission, the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”), the U.S. Department of Justice or any representative of a
prudential regulator as authorized by the Commission, upon request, in each case in the
form and manner required under these Rules, and/or the CEA and CFTC Regulations.

24

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 2.15​
A.​

Information-Sharing Agreements

The Company may enter into information-sharing agreements or other arrangements or
procedures to coordinate surveillance with other markets on which financial instruments
related to the Contracts cleared through the Company trade. As part of any
information-sharing agreements or other arrangements or procedures adopted pursuant to
this Rule, the Company may:
1.​

provide market surveillance reports to other markets;

2.​

share information and documents concerning current and former Participants, IBs,
or Member’s Authorized Users with other markets;

3.​

share information and documents concerning
investigations with other markets; or

4.​

require its current or former Participants, IBs, or Member’s Authorized Users to
provide information and documents to the Company at the request of other
markets with which the Company has an information-sharing agreement or other
arrangements or procedures.

ongoing and completed

B.​

The Company may enter into any information-sharing agreements or other arrangements
or procedures, including an information-sharing agreement or other arrangement or
procedure similar to that described above in paragraph (A), with any Person or body
(including but not limited to a Regulatory Agency or Swap Data Repository) if the
Company considers such agreement, arrangement or procedures to be in furtherance of
the Company’s purpose or duties under these Rules or Applicable Law.

C.​

The Company may provide information to a duly authorized foreign governmental
authority, as directed by the CFTC, in accordance with an information-sharing agreement
or other arrangements or procedures executed with such foreign governmental authority
or the CFTC.

Rule 2.16​

[Reserved]

Rule 2.17​

Public Information

A.​

Accurate, complete and current copies of these Rules shall be published on the Website.

B.​

The Company shall make public on a daily basis information on settlement prices,
volume, open interest, and opening and closing ranges for actively traded Contracts.

C.​

Except as provided herein, the Company shall publish on its Website a Notice with
respect to each addition to, modification of, or clarification of, the Rules, and any
Contract Specification prior to the earlier of:
1.​

the effective date thereof; and

25

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
2.​

the filing of such change with the Commission.

D.​

If confidential treatment is sought with respect to any information the Company submits
to a Regulatory Agency, only the public version of such filing shall be disclosed pursuant
to Rule 2.17C.

E.​

Any Notice shall be deemed to have been made to all Participants and any other such
Person as may be required by the following:
1.​

For Members and IBs, by sending such Notice to the email address on file with
the Company.

2.​

For all Participants and the public, by posting the Notice on the Website.

Rule 2.18​
A.​

B.​

Affiliate Entities

The Company, pursuant to approval by the Board, permits an affiliated entity (the
“Affiliate”) to participate on its Platform, subject to the following provisions:
1.​

The Affiliate is a Self-Clearing Member of the Platform.

2.​

The Company has ensured the Affiliate does not have access to the Company’s
material non-public information, and the Company ensures the Affiliate’s access
to information is limited to public information available to all Members. (The
provision of information to common directors of the Company, any affiliate or the
holding company shall not constitute a violation of this proscription.) The
Company ensures the Affiliate maintains operational independence from the
Company. Operational independence means that the Affiliate must:
a.​

Have and maintain operations, including servers, databases, accounts,
tools, software, and development tooling, separate from the Company;

b.​

Have no access to Company operations;

c.​

Be subject to all of the rules in this Rulebook, including the rules
regarding Participation (see Chapter 3);

d.​

Not have access to material non-public information, including but not
limited to information regarding order flow, trading, settlement, contracts,
and compliance; and

e.​

Have and maintain physical separation from the Company.

All capital underlying trading by an Affiliate will not originate from the Company.

26

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 3​
Rule 3.1​

PARTICIPANT AND INTRODUCING BROKER RULES

Jurisdiction, Applicability of Rules

A.​

ANY PERSON, INCLUDING A PARTICIPANT, INTRODUCING BROKER OR AN
AUTHORIZED USER, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY INITIATING, EXECUTING,
SUBMITTING, AND/OR CLEARING A TRANSACTION ON THE COMPANY OR
SUBJECT TO THESE RULES, AND ANY PERSON FOR WHOSE BENEFIT SUCH A
TRANSACTION HAS BEEN INITIATED, SUBMITTED, OR EXECUTED, AND/OR
CLEARED, INCLUDING AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE AND ANY
EMPLOYEE OR AGENT OF A PARTICIPANT, AND ANY OTHER PERSON
ACCESSING THE COMPANY: (i) AGREES TO BE BOUND BY AND COMPLY
WITH THESE RULES, THE OBLIGATIONS AND APPLICABLE LAW, IN EACH
CASE TO THE EXTENT APPLICABLE TO SUCH PERSON; (ii) EXPRESSLY
CONSENTS AND SUBMITS TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE COMPANY WITH
RESPECT TO ANY AND ALL MATTERS ARISING FROM, RELATED TO, OR IN
CONNECTION WITH, THE STATUS, ACTIONS OR OMISSIONS OF SUCH
PERSON; AND (iii) AGREES TO ASSIST THE COMPANY IN COMPLYING WITH
THE COMPANY’S LEGAL AND REGULATORY OBLIGATIONS, COOPERATE
WITH THE COMPANY, THE CFTC AND ANY REGULATORY AGENCY WITH
JURISDICTION OVER THE COMPANY IN ANY INQUIRY, INVESTIGATION,
AUDIT, EXAMINATION OR PROCEEDING. ANY AMENDMENTS TO OR THE
REPEAL OF A RULE, OR THE ADOPTION OF A NEW RULE, SHALL, UPON THE
EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH AMENDMENT, REPEAL OR ADOPTION, AS
APPLICABLE, BE BINDING ON ALL PERSONS SUBJECT TO THE
JURISDICTION OF THE COMPANY, REGARDLESS OF WHEN SUCH PERSON
BECAME SUBJECT TO THE COMPANY’S JURISDICTION, AND ON ALL
CONTRACTS AS APPLICABLE.

B.​

ALL COMPANY PARTICIPANTS AND INTRODUCING BROKERS ARE ALSO
SUBJECT TO THE JURISDICTION OF THE CFTC REGARDLESS OF LOCATION,
NATIONALITY, CITIZENSHIP, OR PLACE OF INCORPORATION.

Rule 3.2​

Member Agreements, Eligibility Criteria, Classifications and Privileges

The Company will provide fair and open access to Members.
A.​

Each Member shall have the right to access electronically its proprietary account,
provided that such Member is eligible for and has applied and received Clearing
Privileges.

B.​

In order to become a Member, an applicant must:
1.​

agree to the relevant Member Agreement, as well as submit any material or
information required by the Company, and remit any application fee, as may be
established by the Company from time to time;

27

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

C.​

2.​

not be subject to any economic or trade sanctions programs administered by
OFAC or other relevant U.S. or non-U.S. authority, and must not be listed on
OFAC’s List of Specially-Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, or if
applicant is an entity, not include any such person among its beneficial owners;

3.​

(for U.S. applicants:) if an applicant is an entity, be validly organized, and in good
standing, in the United States;

4.​

not be prohibited from using the services of the Company for any reason
whatsoever;

5.​

designate at least one Authorized User (or in the case of a natural person Member,
such natural person shall be deemed to be the Authorized User);

6.​

if an applicant is an entity, designate at least one Authorized Representative who
is responsible for supervising all activities of the Member, its Authorized User(s)
and its employees relating to Transactions, for making withdrawal requests and
for providing any information the Company may request regarding such Member;
and

7.​

meet any other criteria and provide the Company with any other information the
Company may request regarding the Member.

In order to clear Margined Contracts, a Member must:
1.​

If it is clearing as a Self-Clearing Member, qualify as an ECP. The Company may
request additional information from a Member to facilitate the Company’s
evaluation of such qualification with respect to the Member.

2.​

Demonstrate to the Company sufficient operational and financial capacity to
provide Margin on a timely basis. The Company may deny or impose additional
conditions or limitations on a Member’s eligibility to clear Margined Contracts to
the extent the Company determines that a Member lacks such capacity.

D.​

[Reserved]

E.​

[Reserved]

F.​

[Reserved]

G.​

By agreeing to the Member Agreement, the applicant agrees to be bound by the Rules
and the published policies of the Company.

H.​

No person affiliated, within the meaning of Section 5b(c)(2)(O) of the CEA, with a
director of the Company or a Member (for purposes of this Rule, an “affiliate”) shall
meet criteria for refusal to register a person under Section 8a(2) of the CEA; unless the
Risk Management Committee finds that there are special circumstances warranting the
waiver of such disqualification with respect to the affiliate.
28

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
1.​

With respect to affiliates, the Board shall be entitled to rely on a representation
from the relevant director or Member that, to the best of such person’s knowledge,
none of its affiliates is subject to disqualification pursuant to the Company’s
fitness standards and that such person will notify the Company if at any time such
director or Member becomes aware that any such affiliate fails to meet the fitness
standards.

2.​

Section 5b(c)(2)(O)(ii)(IV) of the CEA requires each DCO to establish fitness
standards for persons with direct access to the settlement or clearing activities of
the DCO (“Access Persons”). The only persons with such access are Members.

I.​

Applicants for Membership status of the Company may withdraw their applications at
any time without prejudice or without losing their right to apply at a future time.

J.​

Company staff may, in its sole discretion, approve, deny, or condition the Clearing
Privileges of any applicant as Company staff deems necessary or appropriate.
1.​

In the event that Company staff decides to decline or condition the Clearing
Privileges of an application for admission as a Member, or to terminate a Person’s
status as Member, Company staff shall notify such Person thereof and the notice
will specify the basis for the Company’s decision. Such Person may, within 28
Business Days, request that the Membership Committee reconsider the
determination.

2.​

Within 28 Business Days of receiving a request for reconsideration, the
Membership Committee shall confirm, reverse, or modify the original
determination and shall promptly notify such Person accordingly. The
Membership Committee may, in its sole discretion, schedule a hearing (in person
or by teleconference), request additional information from such Person or
establish any other process that it believes is necessary or appropriate to consider
the request for reconsideration.

3.​

The Membership Committee’s decision is the final action of the Company and is
not subject to appeal within the Company.

K.​

Upon approval by the Company of an applicant as a Member, the Member shall continue
to comply with all applicable eligibility criteria in this Rule or as the Company may
require, and shall have Clearing Privileges, which the Company may revoke, amend, or
expand in accordance with these Rules.

L.​

The Company will apply Member access criteria in a fair and non-discriminatory manner
that is not anti-competitive.

Rule 3.3​
A.​

Member Obligations

Each Member consents to the Company providing information related to KYC, CDD, or
AML to Settlement Banks or potential Settlement Banks.
29

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
B.​

C.​

Each Member must immediately notify the Company in writing upon becoming aware:
1.​

that the Member, any of the Member’s officers or any of the Member’s
Authorized Users has had trading or clearing privileges suspended, access to, or
membership or clearing membership in any Regulatory Agency denied;

2.​

that the Member, any of the Member’s officers or any of the Member’s
Authorized Users has been convicted of, pled guilty or no contest to, or entered a
plea agreement to any felony in any domestic, foreign or military court, or with
the CFTC, as applicable;

3.​

that the Member, any of the Member’s officers or any of the Member’s
Authorized Users has been convicted of, plead guilty or no contest to, or entered a
plea agreement to a misdemeanor in any domestic, foreign or military court, or
with the CFTC, as applicable, which involves:
a.​

embezzlement, theft, extortion, fraud, fraudulent conversion, forgery,
counterfeiting, false pretenses, bribery, gambling, racketeering, or
misappropriation of funds, securities or properties; or

b.​

any Transaction in or advice concerning swaps, futures, options on futures
or securities;

4.​

that the Member, any of the Member’s officers or any of the Member’s
Authorized Users has been subject to, or associated with a firm that was subject
to, regulatory proceedings before any Regulatory Agency;

5.​

of any other material change in any information contained in the Member’s
application, including any failure to continue to meet the requirements to be an
Eligible Contract Participant with respect to any SEF that clears through the
Company or Block Trades;

6.​

of becoming the subject of a bankruptcy petition, receivership proceeding, or the
equivalent, or being unable to meet any financial obligation as it becomes due.
(Note: Members subject to the jurisdiction of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court may be
subject to any or all of the following actions: liquidation or transfer of positions,
suspension, or revocation of clearing membership. The Company will further
comply with all requirements placed upon it under law with regard to the
bankruptcy.); or

7.​

of information that concerns any financial or business developments that may
materially affect the Member’s ability to continue to comply with applicable
participation requirements.

Each Member must diligently supervise all activities of the Member’s employees and/or
agents, including all Authorized Users and Authorized Representatives, relating to
Orders, Transactions and communications with the Company. Any violation of these
30

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rules by any employee, Authorized Representative or Authorized User of a Member may
constitute a violation of the Rules by such Member.
D.​

Each Member must provide all reports required by Applicable Law to the Company,
including, but not limited to, the reports required under CFTC Regulation 39.12(a)(5).
Such reports must be made available by the Member to the CFTC when so required, and
the Company will also make such reports available to the CFTC when so required.

E.​

Each Member must provide to the CFTC all reports required to be so provided under
Applicable Law.

Rule 3.4​

Participant, Introducing Broker and Authorized User Obligations

A.​

Each Participant, IB and Authorized User must comply with these Rules, applicable
provisions of the CEA and relevant CFTC Regulations. Each Participant, IB and
Authorized User also must cooperate promptly and fully with the Company, its agents,
and the CFTC in any investigation, call for information, inquiry, audit, examination, or
proceeding. Such cooperation shall include providing the Company with access to
information on the activities of such Participant, IB and/or Authorized User in any
referenced market that provides the underlying prices for any Company market. If any
Participant, IB or Authorized User fails to satisfy any Obligation, the Participant, IB or
Authorized User may be subject to discipline under these Rules, and may also be subject
to civil or criminal prosecution.

B.​

Each Participant, IB and Authorized User consents to allow the Company to provide all
information the Company has about the Participant, IB or Authorized User, including the
Participant’s, IB’s or Authorized User’s trading activity, to the CFTC or any other
Regulatory Agency, law enforcement authority, or judicial tribunal, including (as may be
required by information-sharing agreements or other arrangements or procedures or other
contractual, regulatory, or legal provisions) foreign regulatory or self-regulatory bodies,
law enforcement authorities, or judicial tribunals, without notice to the Participant, IB or
Authorized User.

C.​

Each Participant, IB and Authorized User, upon a request of the Company or any
Regulatory Agency, must promptly respond to any requests for information, including by
providing any necessary information for the Company to perform any of the functions
described in the CEA.
A.​

Each IB acknowledges and agrees that the Company is delegating, and the IB is
assuming, all of the Company’s KYC, AML, and CDD obligations with respect
to the IB Customers of such IB. Each IB agrees to perform such obligations
based on Company-approved criteria, terms, and conditions that shall at all
times comply with this Rulebook and Applicable Law.

B.​

Each IB agrees to maintain a compliance program designed to achieve and
monitor the IB’s compliance with all applicable KYC, AML and CDD
requirements that will, at a minimum:
31

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
1.​

Establish and implement policies, procedures and internal controls
reasonably designed to prevent money laundering or the financing of
terrorist activities;

2.​

Designate an individual or individuals responsible for the
implementation and monitoring of the program;

3.​

Provide ongoing training for any compliance personnel; and

4.​

Include risk-based procedures for conducting CDD, including
developing robust customer risk profiles and conducting ongoing
monitoring to identify and report suspicious customer behavior.

C.​ Each IB agrees to enter into an IB Agreement with the Company which shall set
forth the terms and conditions under which the Company will permit the IB to
solicit or accept Orders from IB Customers for execution on a Platform, where
any resulting Contracts are submitted for clearing by the Company.
D.​ Each IB agrees that, subject to the terms of this Rulebook and any other
agreement that such IB may enter into with the Company, that the Company has
the right to request an independent audit of the compliance program and AML,
KYC, and CDD procedures of such IB. Further, each IB acknowledges that any
duly authorized request by a federal, state or other regulatory examiner to
examine the Company’s performance of its AML, KYC and CDD obligations
with respect to IB Customers shall extend to permitting such examiners to obtain
information and records relating to such IB’s performance of those obligations
on the Company’s behalf.
Rule 3.5​

FCM Customer Obligations

A.​

FCM Customers must follow the rules and requirements imposed by the FCM Member.

B.​

FCM Customers must accept and be bound by these Rules.

Rule 3.6​

Dues, Fees and Expenses Payable by Participants

A.​

Members are not required to pay dues.

B.​

Members may be charged fees in connection with Clearing Privileges in such amounts as
may be revised from time to time. Fees and any revisions to such fees will be provided on
the Website and in Notices.

C.​

Participant may be charged fees related to clearing, such as for the settlement of
Contracts at expiration, in an amount to be reflected from time to time on the Website and
in Notices.

D.​

The Company may also deduct from a Self-Clearing Member Account (or relevant
Sub-Account, if any) fees or expenses incurred in connection with the Member’s trading
or account activity, such as fees for wire transfers or check processing via electronic
32

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
check, or storage or other fees or expenses related to trading or Clearing Privileges. All
such fees shall be charged in an amount to be reflected from time to time on the Website
and in Notices.
E.​

The Company may also deduct from an FCM Customer Account fees or expenses
incurred in connection with FCM Customers’ trading or account activity, and the FCM
Member’s trading, account or FCM Member activity, such as fees for wire transfers or
check processing via electronic check, or storage or other fees or expenses related to
trading or Clearing Privileges. All such fees shall be charged in an amount to be reflected
from time to time on the Website and in Participant Notices.

F.​

If the Company determines in the future to impose dues or new fees, the Company shall
notify Members of any dues or additional fees that will be imposed at least 10 days
before they take effect.

Rule 3.7​

Recording of Communications

The Company may record conversations and retain copies of electronic communications between
Company Officials, on one hand, and Participants, Introducing Brokers, Authorized Users,
Authorized Representatives or other agents, on the other hand. Any such recordings may be
retained by the Company in such manner and for such periods of time as the Company may
deem necessary or appropriate. The Company shall retain such records for the retention periods
necessary to comply with CFTC Regulation 1.35 or such longer period as the Company deems
appropriate.
Rule 3.8​

Member Accounts

A.​

The Company shall establish and maintain a Member Account (or, if applicable, Member
Accounts) for each Member, and the Company undertakes to treat the Member for whom
each Member Account is maintained as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise each
financial asset which is credited to such Member Account. However, the Company shall
have complete and absolute discretion as to whether any particular financial asset is
accepted by it for credit for any Member Account.

B.​

For collateral, margin, and settlement purposes, each Self-Clearing Member Account may
be subdivided into one or more Sub-Accounts, each identified by a unique Sub-Account
code. The Company shall:
•​

Credit to each Sub-Account only the specific assets or collateral designated by
the Member;

•​

Calculate and enforce all margin and collateralization requirements (as detailed
in Chapter 7) on a per Sub-Account basis; and

•​

Restrict withdrawals at the Sub-Account level, such that no Sub-Account’s
shortfall may be offset by collateral from any other Sub-Account.

33

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
C.​

The Company shall have only such duties and obligations with respect to each Member
Account as are set forth in Article 8 of the UCC or otherwise mandated by Applicable
Law. Each Member acknowledges and agrees that the Company is not a fiduciary for any
Member.

Rule 3.9​

Termination of Member Status

A.​

To voluntarily terminate Member status, a Member must deliver to the Company a
Withdrawal Notice. Such Withdrawal Notice shall be accepted immediately upon receipt
and shall be effective upon such Member’s fulfillment of its obligations under paragraph
(C) below, or at such other time as the Company may determine in its reasonable
discretion is desirable for the efficient operation of the Company. Platforms may offer
Members the ability to request termination through the Platform, and the Platform will
communicate the request to the Company.

B.​

When the Company accepts a Withdrawal Notice from a withdrawing Member, all rights
and privileges of such Member terminate (including, without limitation, Clearing
Privileges) except as set forth in paragraph (C) below. The accepted request to terminate
Member status shall not affect the rights of the Company under these Rules or relieve the
former Member of such Member’s Obligations under the Company Rules before such
withdrawal. Notwithstanding the accepted request to terminate Member status, the
terminated Member remains subject to the Company Rules, the Obligations and the
jurisdiction of the Company for acts done and omissions made while a Member, must
comply with paragraphs (C) and (E) below, must cooperate in any Disciplinary Action
under Chapter 9 as if the terminated Member were still a Member, and must comply with
requests for information from the Company regarding activities and Obligations while a
Member for at least five years following its withdrawal.

C.​

A Member that has requested termination of Member status pursuant to paragraph (A)
above or whose status as a Member has been terminated by the Company pursuant to
Chapter 9 (a “terminated Member”) shall be subject to the following requirements,
Obligations and provisions:
1.​

it must use all reasonable endeavors to close out or transfer all open positions in
its Member Account(s), as applicable, prior to the Withdrawal Close-Out
Deadline Date;

2.​

after the Withdrawal Notice Date, the Member may only be entitled to submit
Transactions for clearing which it can demonstrate have the overall effect of
reducing open positions or risks to the Company, whether by hedging,
transferring, terminating, liquidating or otherwise closing out open Contracts;

3.​

with respect to withdrawing or terminated Members clearing Margined Contracts,
the Company may call for additional Initial Margin or Variation Margin until such
time as all such open Margined positions have been terminated or transferred, and
such Member shall provide to the Company such additional Initial Margin as is
requested in a timely manner;
34

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
4.​

except as provided in paragraph (5), there shall be no rebalancing, resetting or
recalculation of the Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirement or the liability limits of
Replenishments or Assessments of a Member that has served a Withdrawal
Notice;

5.​

if the Member has any open positions in Margined Contracts with the Company
after the Withdrawal Close-Out Deadline Date, the Member shall be subject to the
Company exercising rights under Rule 7.2 and Chapter 12 with respect to
Obligations of the Member incurred prior to the Withdrawal Date.

D.​

Any request to terminate Member status pursuant to paragraph (A) above shall be
irrevocable by the Member and membership may only be reinstated pursuant to a new
application for membership following the close-out or transfer of all open Contracts in
such Member’s Member Account(s).

E.​

In the event of an Emergency, or otherwise at the discretion of the Board, a Member
clearing Margined Contracts that requests to terminate its Member status may be required
by the Company immediately upon delivery of the request to terminate to provide
Assessments in an amount not to exceed 550% of its Guaranty Fund Deposit
Requirement (as in effect immediately prior to the date of the request), such amounts to
be held by the Company until the Withdrawal Date and applied only as permitted in
accordance with these Rules (a “Withdrawal Deposit”). Any references in these Rules to
Assessments being called or to Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirements to the Guaranty
Fund being replenished or applied in respect of a Member which has provided such a
Withdrawal Deposit shall be interpreted as a reference to such Withdrawal Deposit being
applied as necessary in satisfaction of such requirements, and a Member that has served a
request to terminate and made such Withdrawal Deposit shall not be liable for any further
Assessments, regardless of how many Monetary Defaults take place.

F.​

Following termination of all open positions to which a withdrawing Member was party to
in relation to its Member Account(s), as applicable, and satisfaction in full by such
withdrawing Member of all Obligations in respect thereof, the Company shall return the
withdrawing Member’s unused contributions to the Guaranty Fund and any unused
Withdrawal Deposit, as well as any other assets of the withdrawing Clearing Member not
previously returned on the date that is sixty (60) days after the withdrawing Member’s
Withdrawal Date, or such earlier date as is determined by the Company.

G.​

A Member whose membership has terminated pursuant to this Rule 3.9 shall, following
the Withdrawal Date, cease to be liable for Replenishments or Assessments under Rule
12.5 in respect of Monetary Defaults that occur after the Withdrawal Date.

H.​

Notwithstanding anything in these Rules:
(a) the Company may at its discretion return amounts due to the withdrawing Member by
way of transfer or return of U.S. dollars to the withdrawing Member; and

35

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
(b) the Company may make partial payment of any amounts due, excluding the
withdrawing Member’s Guaranty Fund contribution, prior to the time specified in this
Rule 3.9.
I.​

This Rule 3.9 shall not apply to a Defaulting Member.

36

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 4​
Rule 4.1​

FCM MEMBERS AND FCM CUSTOMERS

FCM Members

A.​

For the avoidance of doubt, this Rule 4.1 shall apply only to FCMs that are Members of
the Platform and are engaged in clearing activities on behalf of themselves or FCM
Customers. This Rule 4.1 shall not apply to any FCMs acting solely in an IB capacity.

B.​

An FCM Member must execute an FCM Member Agreement with the Company, adhere
to the terms of that agreement, accept and be bound by these Rules, and at all times act in
a manner that is consistent with these Rules.

C.​

An FCM Member must be a member (or equivalent term) of a Platform or have
arrangements to clear for an FCM Customer or IB that is a member (or equivalent term)
of a Platform.

D.​

FCM Members may establish accounts as permitted by the Rules of any Platform where
they carry customer accounts, including but not limited to a trading account, error
account, test account, and an account used for liquidating FCM Customer positions
pursuant to this Rule, or an equivalent account with a similar purpose.

E.​

If an FCM Customer’s account with the FCM Member becomes negative due to the FCM
Customer’s activity on a Platform, and as a result the FCM Customer owes the FCM
Member money, the FCM Member may liquidate some or all of the FCM Customer’s
positions.

F.​

FCM Members must, on an annual basis, submit their business continuity and disaster
recovery plans to the Company’s Compliance Department for review. FCM Members
must ensure that their plans coordinate with the Company’s in an adequate manner to
enable effective resumption of daily processing, clearing, and settlement of Transactions
following a disruption. As part of this requirement, FCM Members must coordinate with
the Company’s periodic, synchronized testing of its business continuity and disaster
recovery plan. FCM Members must also adopt, adhere to, and enforce risk management
and other policies and procedures in accordance with CFTC Regulation 1.11. FCM
Members must promptly provide, upon request by the Company or the CFTC,
information related to the risk management policies, procedures and practices of the FCM
Member.

G.​

The Company may, in its sole discretion, approve, deny, revoke, or condition any
application to become an FCM Member as it deems necessary or appropriate to the
discharge of its legal and regulatory obligations. The Company may, in its sole discretion
and as it deems necessary or appropriate to the discharge of its legal and regulatory
obligations or to preserve the integrity of the Company’s clearing systems, pause or
terminate access for an FCM Member.

H.​

FCM Members must cooperate with the Company, the CFTC, and any related
governmental authority in any inquiry, investigation, audit, examination or proceeding
37

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
relating to the FCM Member’s business carrying customer accounts with the Company,
including disclosing the identity and contact information of FCM Customers as relevant
(such information will be walled off by the Company solely for the purpose of its
compliance with its legal and regulatory obligations, and cannot be utilized for any
commercial purpose). FCM Members must keep complete and accurate books and
records as required to be maintained pursuant to the CEA and CFTC Regulations for the
time period, and in the manner, specified by CFTC Regulations. FCM Members must
make such books and records available for inspection by the Company, the CFTC or
other governmental authority.
I.​

FCM Members must perform all required KYC, CDD, and AML activities with regard to
their FCM Customers.

J.​

FCM Members must not engage in practices that may cause degradation of the clearing
systems or the Platform and its systems. FCM Members must also not engage in acts or
practices contrary to the purposes of the Company, nor commit any act or engage in any
conduct that is likely to bring the Company into disrepute. These prohibited practices
include, but are not limited to, (i) engaging in any activity that presents a risk of harm to
the Company, other FCM Members, a Platform, or the public, and (ii) engaging in
conduct or practices that are detrimental to the best interests of the Company or that
adversely affect the integrity of the Company or its systems.

K.​

All FCM Customer funds received by the Company from an FCM Member to purchase,
margin, guarantee, secure, or settle positions of FCM Customers, and all money accruing
to such FCM Customers as a result thereof, shall be segregated as either Futures
Customer Collateral or Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral in accordance with all
relevant provisions of the CEA and CFTC Regulations. This Rule satisfies the
requirement in CFTC Regulations 1.20(d)(1) and 22.5 that an FCM Member must obtain
a written acknowledgement from the Company that such FCM Customer funds are being
held in accordance with such provisions.

L.​

Each FCM Member authorizes the Company to debit any fee owed to the Company by
the FCM Member or the FCM Customers from the FCM Customer Account.

M.​

Each FCM Member must require each FCM Customer to accept and be bound by these
Rules prior to allowing the FCM Customer to trade on a Platform.

N.​

Each FCM Member must enforce eligibility criteria on its FCM Customers to ensure that
it accepts as FCM Customers only Persons who are permitted under Applicable Law to
participate on a Platform and with the Company. Each FCM Member must also require
its FCM Customers to inform it of any change to the FCM Customer’s eligibility.

O.​

FCM Members shall comply with all Applicable Law, including but not limited to CFTC
Regulations 1.10, 1.12, and 1.20 - 1.32 and Part 22 of CFTC Regulations.

38

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 4.2​

FCM Customers

A.

FCM Customers accept and agree to be bound by the relevant FCM Member’s rules and
these Rules.

B.

FCM Customers may also be Self-Clearing Members, provided that if an FCM Customer
is not an ECP, the FCM Customer may not clear Margined Contracts as a Self-Clearing
Member.

C.

As required in CFTC Regulations 39.15(d), an FCM Customer may request to transfer
the FCM Customer’s positions from an FCM Member to an account with a different
FCM Member, or the FCM Customer’s own account, but only if the following conditions
are met:
1.

The FCM Customer instructs the FCM Member to make the transfer;

2.

The FCM Customer is not currently in Default to the FCM Member; and

3.

The other FCM Member has consented to the transfer.

Rule 4.3​

FCM Accounts

A.

Each FCM Member must establish with the Company the accounts and financial
relationships set forth in the FCM Member Agreement.

B.

All FCM Customer funds deposited by FCM Members with the Company are held in
either a Futures Customer Account or Cleared Swaps Customer Account and are treated
as either Futures Customer Collateral or Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral.

C.

As described in Rule 7.7, and as required by CFTC Regulations 1.20 and 22.3,
respectively, Futures Customer Collateral and Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral must
remain segregated from all other funds.

D.

Each FCM Member must monitor funding levels in the FCM Member’s account and
ensure that there is sufficient collateral to support predicted future trading volume.

E.

All FCM Member proprietary funds deposited by an FCM Member with the Company
are held in the Self-Clearing Member Account of that FCM Member and are treated as
Self-Clearing Member collateral, unless such funds are deposited as a residual interest in
an FCM Customer Account in which case they are treated as Cleared Swaps Customer
Collateral or Futures Customer Collateral as applicable.

Rule 4.4​
A.

FCM Member Financial Requirements

Unless otherwise provided, all FCM Members must comply with the requirements set
forth in CFTC Regulations 1.10, 1.12, 1.17, and 1.18 (this provision does not exclude the
requirement for FCM Members, as Participants, to comply with all Applicable Law).
This includes, but is not limited to, the following:
39

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
1.​

Maintenance of minimum capital requirements;

2.​

Submission of a timely and complete Form 1-FR, FOCUS Report or other
requested information;

3.​

Notification requirements when a clearing member:
i.​

Fails to maintain minimum capital requirements;

ii.​

Fails to maintain early warning capital requirements;

iii.​

Fails to maintain current books and records;

iv.​

Determines the existence of a material inadequacy as specified in
CFTC Regulation 1.16(d)(2);

v.​

Changes its fiscal year; or

vi.​

Changes its public accountant.

4.​

Completely and accurately computing and recording the balances in the net
capital computation including capital requirements;

5.​

Subordination agreement requirements, including the filing of such agreements;
and

6.​

Preparation of a monthly computation of adjusted net capital and minimum
financial requirements.

B.​

In addition to the notifications, forms, and reports required by CFTC regulations, copies
of the notifications must be furnished to both the Company and the Platform within
twenty-four hours of when the notification was furnished to the CFTC.

C.​

The specific requirements in this rule do not diminish in any way the obligation of FCM
Members to satisfy the requirements applicable to all Members to provide all required
reports set forth in Chapter 3.

40

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 5​

[RESERVED]

41

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 6​
Rule 6.1​

CLEARING

Clearance and Substitution

A.​

Upon submission of a Transaction for a Fully Collateralized Contract, the Company will
conduct a review of the relevant Member Account (or relevant Sub-Account, if any) to
ensure that the Transaction is fully collateralized prior to accepting the Transaction for
clearing. If such Member Account (or relevant Sub-Account, if any) does not have the
necessary funds and/or collateral to fully collateralize the Transaction, the Company will
not accept the Transaction. For Self-Clearing Members this means that the Company will
review the Self-Clearing Member Account (or relevant Sub-Account, if any); for FCM
Customers, the Company will review the FCM Customer Account.

B.​

The Company will coordinate with all Platforms to develop procedures and system
integrations that facilitate prompt, efficient, and accurate processing of all Transactions
submitted to the Company for clearing. Additionally, the Company will coordinate with
each Member that is an FCM, swap dealer, or major swap participant to establish fully
automated systems for accepting or rejecting trades that are submitted to the Company
for clearing by or for the Member or a FCM Customer of the Member, or, if fully
automated systems are not practicable, as quickly as would be technologically practicable
if fully automated systems were used.

C.​

For trades executed competitively on or subject to the rules of a Platform:
1.​

The Company will coordinate with all Platforms to establish automated systems
that will accept or reject for clearing all Contracts that are listed for clearing by
the Company and are executed competitively on or subject to the rules of a
Platform.

2.​

The Company will accept for clearing all trades made

3.​
D.​

a.​

On a Platform; and

b.​

That satisfy the criteria of the Company, including but not limited to
applicable risk filters. The Company’s criteria will be non-discriminatory
across trading venues. The Company will also coordinate with Platforms
to integrate and be able to apply the criteria in a fully automated system
and if that is impracticable, the Company will apply the criteria as quickly
as would be technologically practicable if fully automated systems were
used.

The Company will only accept for clearing, trades that satisfy the requirements
that are set out in Chapter 7 of these Rules.

For trades not executed on or subject to the rules of a DCM or SEF or which are executed
non-competitively on or subject to the rules of a Platform, the Company will coordinate
with Platforms to integrate and implement a fully automated system to reject or accept
42

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
trades for clearing, or if not practicable, as quickly after submission to the Company as
would be technologically practicable if fully automated systems were used.
1.​

2.​
E.​

The Company will accept all trades:
a.​

That are submitted by the parties to the Company in accordance with
CFTC Regulation 23.506;

b.​

For which the executing parties have clearing arrangements in place with
Members of the Company;

c.​

For which the executing parties identify the Company as the intended
clearinghouse; and

d.​

That satisfy the criteria of the Company, including but not limited to
applicable risk filters. The Company’s criteria will be non-discriminatory
across trading venues. The Company will also coordinate with Platforms
and executing parties to integrate and be able to apply the criteria in a fully
automated system and if that is impracticable, the Company will apply the
criteria as quickly as would be technologically practicable if fully
automated systems were used.

The Company will only accept for clearing, trades that satisfy the requirements
that are set out in Chapter 7 of these Rules.

The submission of a Transaction to the Company by or on behalf of the buying and
selling Members shall constitute a request, by such Members, for the clearing of such
Transaction by the Company. Upon acceptance thereof, by the Company:
1.​

The Transaction, if a Transaction in futures contracts, shall be novated and the
Company shall immediately be substituted as and assume, the position of seller to
the Participant buying and buyer to the Participant selling the relevant Contract.
Upon Novation, the original Contract is extinguished and the buying and selling
Participants shall be released from their Obligations to each other, and such
Participants shall be deemed to have bought the Contract from or sold the
Contract to the Company, as the case may be, and the Company shall have all the
rights and be subject to all the liabilities of such Participants with respect to such
Transactions. Such substitution shall be effective in law for all purposes. The
Participants of the Contract are deemed to consent to the Novation by entering the
applicable Orders on a Platform and the Company consents to the Novation by
accepting the Transactions for clearing; or

2.​

The Transaction, if a Transaction in a swap, shall be extinguished, and replaced
with an equal and opposite swap between the Company and each Member. Upon
extinguishing and replacing the original Contract, the Members shall be released
from their obligations to each other, and, along with the Company, shall have all

43

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
rights and obligations under the Contract that replaced the extinguished Contract,
in each case as provided in the Rules.
3.​

Where an FCM Member acts to clear a Contract made for the account of a FCM
Customer, the FCM Member becomes obligated to the Company, and the
Company becomes obligated to the Member, with respect to such Contract in the
same manner and to the same extent as if the Contract were for the proprietary
account of the FCM Member.

F.​

Transactions for Contracts with the same terms and conditions, as defined by the Contract
Specifications, submitted to the Company for clearing, are economically equivalent
within the Company and may be offset with each other within the Company.

G.​

All terms of a cleared swap must conform to product specifications established under
Company rules. Upon acceptance of a cleared swap contract Transaction for clearing, the
Company will provide a confirmation of the trade to the Members directly or, for a
Member that is an IB Customer, through the IB that executed the Transaction. That
confirmation will serve as the definitive written record of the terms of the transaction
which shall legally supersede any previous agreement, serve as a confirmation of the
swap and shall be available on the Platform.

Rule 6.2​

Settlement of Contracts

A.​

Except as otherwise provided by Commission order, the Company shall effect settlement
at least once each Business Day, and shall have the authority and operational capacity to
effect a settlement with each Member, on an intraday basis, either routinely, when
thresholds specified by the Company are breached, or in times of extreme market
volatility.

B.​

The Company shall maintain, in its systems, a record of each Participant’s Contracts.

C.​

Upon the settlement resulting from expiration, all Participants who have an open position
will be notified of the final amount payable. Such notice may be delivered by the
Platform, or for FCM or IB Customers, by the applicable FCM or IB. The Company will
transfer the amount payable under the Contract’s terms to the relevant Member Accounts
for Participants who held open positions. For Self-Clearing Members (including those
that are (i) IB Customers or (ii) FCM Members clearing for their proprietary accounts),
the amount payable will be transferred to the Self-Clearing Member Account (and
relevant Sub-Account(s), if any); for FCM Customers, the amount payable will be
transferred to the FCM Customer Account for the FCM Member to credit the FCM
Customer.

D.​

For a Transaction in a Fully-Collateralized Contract that results in an increase in a
Participant’s Maximum Downside Exposure, the Company will designate as committed
collateral funds from the appropriate Member Account(s) in the amount necessary to
cover the increase. For Self-Clearing Members (including those that are (i) IB Customers
or (ii) FCM Members clearing for their proprietary accounts), the Self-Clearing Member
44

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Account (and relevant Sub-Account(s), if any) will be debited. For FCM Customers, the
FCM Member will debit the funds in the FCM Customer’s account with the FCM
Member and the Company will debit the Funds in the FCM Customer Account.
E.​

For a Transaction in a Fully-Collateralized Contract that results in a decrease to a
Participant’s Maximum Downside Exposure, the Company will undesignate the
decreased amount from constituting committed collateral funds within the relevant
Member Account(s) (and relevant Sub-Account(s), if any). For Self-Clearing Members
(including those that are (i) IB Customers or (ii) FCM Members clearing for their
proprietary accounts), the Self-Clearing Member Account will be credited and relevant
Sub-Account(s), if any); for FCM Customers, the FCM Member will credit the funds in
the FCM Customer’s account with the FCM Member and the Company will credit the
funds in the FCM Customer Account.

F.​

For a Transaction in a Margined Contract that results in a realized loss or gain, the
Company will record the corresponding pending Variation Margin obligation(s) and/or
entitlement(s).

G.​

For a Transaction in a Margined Contract that results in an increase or decrease to a
Participant’s Initial Margin requirements, the Company will record the corresponding
pending Initial Margin Obligation(s) and/or entitlement(s).

H.​

To the extent that a Transaction described in this section requires reconciliation in order
to maintain the segregation required under Rule 7.7, including rebalancing of the funds
held in customer and Member accounts at the Settlement Bank, reconciliation will be
performed as set forth in Rule 6.6.

Rule 6.3​

Deposit Procedures

A.​

Members make deposits to the Company through a Member Portal which is linked to the
applicable payment processor or money transmitter service for the payment type selected,
by direct bank transfers to the relevant Settlement Bank, or via transfers from another
Member Account as authorized by the relevant Member. Direct bank transfers and
transfers from another Member Account must be executed pursuant to the instructions
provided by the Platform.

B.​

Funds are available for use with respect to Clearing Privileges no later than the next
Settlement Bank Business Day after the funds arrive in the Settlement Bank.

Rule 6.4​

Withdrawal Procedures

A.​

Members make withdrawals through a Member Portal or other means as specified by the
Company in writing to Members.

B.​

Members are responsible for providing accurate account information to allow the
Company to effect transfers to the Members.

45

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
C.​

Withdrawals occur no later than the next Settlement Bank Business Day after a Member
has submitted a withdrawal request via a Member Portal or otherwise if the Member
submits a withdrawal notification during Trading Hours.

D.​

If a Member fails to adhere to the withdrawal procedures set forth herein, the Company
will take reasonable measures to effect the withdrawal; however, if unable to effect the
withdrawal, the Member’s collateral may become the sole property of the Company, to
the extent permitted by Applicable Law.

E.​

The Company may apply a Member’s collateral against the Member’s Obligations.

Rule 6.5​

[Reserved]

Rule 6.6​

Reconciliation

A.​ The Company shall reconcile the positions and cash and collateral balances of each Member
Account (whether a Self-Clearing Member Account or an FCM Customer Account)
periodically, including at the end of each Settlement Bank Business Day, and shall rebalance
the funds held for the benefit of Self-Clearing Member Accounts and FCM Customer
Accounts as necessary to maintain the segregation required under Rule 7.3. The Company
shall make available to each Member at all times the positions and cash and collateral
balances of each such Member and its Sub-Accounts. Upon request from a Self-Clearing
Member that is an IB Customer, the Company shall also provide the Introducing Broker
with the balances of any Sub-Account(s) associated with the Self-Clearing Member’s
trading through the Introducing Broker.
B.​ On a daily basis, the Company shall provide IBs with a full list of their IB Customers’
trades, open positions, transfers, and settlements from the previous trading day. Each IB is
required to reconcile their internal state of customer positions and balances with those
reported by the Company for the previous day and, in the event of any inconsistencies, must
immediately report the inconsistency to the Company.
C.​ All Members and IBs shall be responsible, pursuant to Applicable Law, for reconciling their
records of their positions and cash and collateral balances with the records of positions and
cash and collateral balances that the Company makes available to Members and IBs.
Rule 6.7​

Swap Data Reporting

A.​

The Company shall report to the CFTC in accordance with the reporting requirements in
the CEA, CFTC Regulations, and CFTC guidance. In accordance with CFTC Letter No
25-02 (“Letter”) issued on January 31, 2025, the Company relies upon no-action relief
with respect to various swap data reporting requirements under Parts 43 and 45 of the
Commission’s regulations for contracts traded on or pursuant to the rules of the
Company.

B.​

If the Company provides Clearing Services that are not otherwise addressed in the Letter:

46

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
1.​

The Company shall report Regulatory Swap Data for Swaps to a single Swap
Data Repository for purposes of complying with the CEA and applicable CFTC
Regulations governing the regulatory reporting of Swaps. The Company shall
report all data fields as required by Appendix A to Part 43 of CFTC Regulations
and Appendix 1 to Part 45 of CFTC Regulations, as applicable, including, but not
limited to, Swap counterparties, Contract type, option method, option premium,
LEIs, buyer, seller, USIs, unique product identifiers, underlying asset description,
the Swap price or yield, quantity, maturity or expiration date, the size, settlement
method, execution timestamp, timestamp of submission to the SDR, the CTI
Code, Member Accounts, and whether a Participant is a swap dealer, major swap
participant or a financial entity. The Company shall identify each counterparty to
any Transaction in all recordkeeping and all Regulatory Swap Data reporting
using a single LEI as prescribed under CFTC Regulation 45.6. As Soon As
Technologically Practicable after execution, the Company also shall transmit to
both Swap counterparties the USI for the Swap created pursuant to CFTC
Regulation 45.5 and the identity of the SDR. For Swaps involving allocation, the
Company will transmit the USI to the Reporting Counterparty and the agent as
required by CFTC Regulation 45.5(d)(1).

2.​

The Company shall from time to time designate a Swap Data Repository in
respect of one or more Swaps and shall notify Members of such designation.

3.​

Members that become aware of an error or omission in Regulatory Swap Data for
a Transaction shall promptly submit corrected data to the Company. Members
shall not submit or agree to submit a cancellation or correction in order to gain or
extend a delay in Public Dissemination of accurate Swap Transaction and Pricing
Data or to otherwise evade the reporting requirements of Part 43 of CFTC
Regulations. The Company will report any errors or omissions in Regulatory
Swap Data to the same SDR to which it originally submitted the Data, As Soon
As Technologically Practicable after discovery of any such error or omission.

4.​

The Company sends the Regulatory Swap Data as set forth in Rule 6.7A to the
Swap Data Repository As Soon As Technologically Practicable after a trade has
been executed on the Platform, or pursuant to the Company Rules. Following the
transmittal of the Data to the Swap Data Repository, the Company will make
available the Swap Transaction and Pricing Data to all Participants accessing the
Platform. However, due to transmission and posting timing of the Swap Data
Repository, Participants should be aware that the Swap Transaction and Pricing
Data may be available on the Company Platform prior to being Publicly
Disseminated by the Swap Data Repository.

Rule 6.8​
A.​

Risk Management Actions

As provided in CFTC Regulation 39.13(h)(6), the Company may take the following
actions as appropriate, based on the application of objective and prudent risk
management standards:

47

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
●​
●​
●​
●​
●​
B.​

Imposing position limits;
Prohibiting an increase in positions;
Requiring a reduction of positions;
Liquidating or transferring positions; and
Suspending or revoking clearing membership.

The Company may take any other action it deems necessary based on the application of
objective and prudent risk management standards.

Rule 6.9​

Finality of Settlements

All payments or transfers of funds to and from the Company and within the Company, including,
but not limited to, Margin payment, are irrevocable and unconditional when, as the case may be,
they are debited from or credited to an account of the Company, whether such account of the
Company is held at the Company or at a Settlement Bank, provided that adjustments may be
made after such time for the correction of errors.

48

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 7​
Rule 7.1​
A.​

B.​

MARGIN

Margin Requirements; Margin Payments

With respect to Margined Contracts:
1.​

The relevant Member shall deposit with, pay to, or otherwise maintain with, the
Company unencumbered assets sufficient to satisfy the Initial Margin and
Variation Margin for each Margined Contract in such amounts, in such forms, at
such times, and in accordance with such procedures or methodologies as may be
prescribed by the Company pursuant to the Rules or the Company’s policies in
respect thereof. The Member shall be responsible for all fees associated with
deposits, withdrawals, or transfers of Margin to or from the Company.

2.​

Each transfer of United States dollars in respect of Initial Margin or Variation
Margin shall constitute a settlement (within the meaning of CFTC Regulation
39.14) and shall be final as of the time the Company’s accounts are debited or
credited with the relevant payment.

Each Member clearing Margined Contracts shall establish and maintain accounts
(“Margin Accounts”) at a Settlement Bank including, for an FCM Member, accounts for
its FCM Customers. The Member shall use such accounts for the payment of Variation
Margin and Initial Margin. The Company shall have the right to instruct such Settlement
Bank to debit the Margin Accounts maintained by a Member for any deposits of Initial
Margin or payments of Variation Margin due to the Company pursuant to the Rules and
to deposit such funds into the appropriate Company account.

Rule 7.2​

Mechanics for Margin Payments

A.​

The Company shall advise each Member clearing Margined Contracts of the amount of
Initial Margin and Variation Margin owing to or from such Member after the close of
each Business Day or at such frequency as the Company shall set forth in a schedule
published to Members. Transfers of Initial Margin and Variation Margin shall be made
between such Member (through its Settlement Bank) and the Company in accordance
with the Company’s policies and procedures in effect from time to time provided that, on
any day in which Initial Margin or Variation Margin for a FCM Customer’s Cleared
Swaps Customer Account or Futures Customer Account is owed by an FCM Member to
the Company, the Company shall not transfer funds owed to the FCM Member in respect
of its Self-Clearing Member Account until the amount owed by such FCM Member to the
Company with respect to such FCM Member’s Cleared Swaps Customer Account or
Futures Customer Account has been paid in full.

B.​

Notwithstanding any other provision of the Rules, if the Chief Risk Officer or his or her
delegate determines, (i) that unstable conditions relating to one or more Margined
Contracts exist, or that the maintenance of an orderly market or the preservation of the
financial integrity of the Company so requires, or (ii) that any Member is carrying
Margined Contracts or incurring risks in its Member Account(s) that are larger than is
49

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
justified by the financial and/or operating condition of the Member, the Company may
issue an unscheduled intra-day call requiring the advance deposit of Initial Margin and/or
Variation Margin with the Company by such time as the Company shall specify. An
unscheduled intra-day call based on a determination as to the conditions specified in
clause (i) above may be issued to any or all Members clearing Margined Contracts, an
unscheduled intra-day call based on a determination as to the conditions specified in
clause (ii) above may be issued to any Member with respect to which such determination
is made. If the Company determines to make an unscheduled intra-day call for either
Initial Margin and/or Variation Margin, the Company shall:
1.​

Give notice to each Member that is required to make payment to the Company of
the amount payable by such Member; and

2.​

Immediately after giving or making reasonable efforts to give the notice described
in Rule 7.2B-1, the Company shall instruct the Settlement Bank at which each
such Member maintains Margin Accounts to wire transfer funds from the
appropriate account of each such Member into the appropriate account of the
Company in the amount due to the Company as determined by the Company.

C.​

Initial Margin and Variation Margin shall be deposited in United States dollars by each
Member with the Company as provided in Rule 7.2A.

D.​

Subject to Rule 7.2G, the Company shall return to a Member the amount of any excess
Margin on deposit from such Member, provided that the Company receives a request for
such a release from such Member by such time as may be specified by the Company on
the day such release is to be made. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in these
Rules, the Company may refuse to release the amount of excess Initial Margin on deposit
in the Member Account(s) of a Member that has requested such release if the Chief Risk
Officer or his or her delegate concludes that the financial or operational condition of the
Member is such that the release of excess Initial Margin would be contrary to the fiscal
integrity of the Company, unless the Member is an FCM Member and substantiates to the
satisfaction of the Company that the amount to be released will be returned to one or
more of its FCM Customers in accordance with Applicable Law.

E.​

Excess Margin shall not be released pursuant to Rule 7.2D if, (i) the excess Margin is due
to any Self-Clearing Member Account of an FCM Member, unless the Member has
deposited and paid all Margin and other amounts required from such Member for its
Self-Clearing Member Account, Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts and Futures
Customer Accounts, or (ii) the excess Margin is due to the FCM Customer Accounts of
an FCM Member, unless the Member has deposited and paid all Margin required from its
Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts and Futures Customer Accounts pursuant to these
Rules for such accounts.

F.​

An FCM Member shall not permit its FCM Customer(s) to withdraw Margin from its
account if such withdrawal would cause the Margin deposits that would remain in such
account following the withdrawal to be less than the then-prevailing Initial Margin
requirement.
50

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
G.​

Upon notice from the Company that a transfer of funds from a Member’s account
pursuant to Rule 7.2A was not effected as instructed by the Company for any reason, the
Member shall deliver to the Company the amount required at such time and in such form
as the Company may prescribe.

Rule 7.3​

Initial Margin

A.​

Initial Margin requirements shall be determined by the Company from time to time, in
accordance with CFTC Regulation 39.13(g) and the applicable Margin policies of the
Company.

B.​

Initial Margin requirements shall be calculated on a gross basis for each Member, and
FCM Members are not permitted to net positions of different FCM Customers against
one another. In order to comply with CFTC Regulation 39.13(g)(8)(ii), FCM Members
shall identify categories of FCM Customers with heightened risk profiles and collect
Initial Margin for each account at a level that exceeds the Initial Margin requirement
determined by the Company by an amount commensurate with the risk presented by each
account.

C.​

Without limitation of the Company’s other rights to use or apply a Member’s Initial
Margin as permitted in the Rules, the Company may: (i) invest any cash deposited as
Initial Margin in accordance with Rule 7.9 and CFTC Regulation 1.25 and any interest,
capital gain, or other income earned on such investments shall belong and be credited to
the Company, (ii) use a Self-Clearing Member’s Initial Margin from time to time to meet
temporary liquidity needs of the Company (whether or not such Member is in Default) in
a manner consistent with the Company’s liquidity policies and Applicable Law, including
by way of assignment, transfer, pledge, repledge or creation of a lien on or security
interest in such Initial Margin in connection with borrowing, repurchase transactions or
other liquidity arrangements to support payment obligations of the Company in respect of
Margined Contracts, and (iii) charge and collect any operational fees or expenses incurred
by the Company in connection with the deposit by a Member of Margin, and the
Company shall have the right to instruct each Settlement Bank to debit the Member
Account(s) maintained by such Member, and/or any other account designated by such
Member for purposes of this Rule, for any payment of these fees or expenses due to the
Company.

D.​

The methodology used by the Company to calculate Initial Margin shall incorporate at a
minimum the following factors, among others as determined by the Chief Risk Officer
from time to time consistent with the guidance of the Risk Management Committee and
in consultation therewith as appropriate:
1.​

An estimate of the potential risk exposure of the Company to price movements in
a Margined Contract over an estimated liquidation period which shall be no less
than five (5)-day liquidation for Margined Contracts that are Swaps or one (1)-day
liquidation for Margined Contracts that are futures contracts, or such longer
liquidation time as is appropriate based on the specific characteristics of a

51

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
particular Margined Contract or Member’s positions, or such shorter period as the
Commission may approve, and
2.​

One or more measures designed to limit procyclicality. Further, the Company’s
procyclicality measures shall be designed to deliver forward looking, stable and
prudent Margin requirements that limit procyclicality to the extent that the
soundness and financial security of the Company is not negatively affected.

The Company may, in its sole and absolute discretion, reduce the Initial Margin
requirements for positions of a Member that the Company has determined to have a
sufficient correlation with each other, in accordance with CFTC Regulation 39.13(g)(4),
if the Company has determined that the price risks arising from such positions are
significantly and reliably correlated and based on such other factors as determined by the
Chief Risk Officer, consistent with the guidance of the Risk Management Committee and
in consultation therewith as appropriate.
Rule 7.4​

Variation Margin

Where Margined Contracts are accepted for clearing and the price of such Contracts is
less than the settlement price therefor, the selling Member shall be obligated to pay
Variation Margin to, and the buying Member shall be entitled to receive Variation Margin
from, the Company as set forth in Rule 7.2. Where Margined Contracts are accepted for
clearing and the price of such Contracts is greater than the settlement price, the buying
Member shall be obligated to pay Variation Margin to, and the selling Member shall be
entitled to receive Variation Margin from, the Company as set forth in Rule 7.2.
Thereafter, Members shall be obligated to pay or entitled to receive Variation Margin on
open Margined Contracts and on Margined Contracts that have been closed on the books
of the Company at such times and in such manner as the Company may prescribe. All
Variation Margin payments to the Company shall be made in cash. If a Settlement Bank
fails to pay Variation Margin on behalf of a Member, such Member will remain obligated
to pay such Variation Margin to the Company notwithstanding such failure.
Rule 7.5​

Fully Collateralized Positions

A.​

All trades in Fully Collateralized Contracts must, at all times, be fully collateralized. Self
Clearing Members must maintain with the Company sufficient funds to fully collateralize
their Maximum Downside Exposure for Fully Collateralized Contracts. FCM Members
that are trading on a Platform through one of the permitted types of accounts specified in
these Rules must maintain sufficient funds to fully collateralize their Maximum
Downside Exposure for Fully Collateralized Contracts. The Company will not clear a
position in a Fully Collateralized Contract that is not fully collateralized.

B.​

If a Self-Clearing Member holds Sub-Accounts within their primary account,
collateralization checks for orders to trade from such Sub-Accounts will occur on a
Sub-Account level.

52

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
C.​

Upon receipt of an Order to trade one or more Fully Collateralized Contracts from an
FCM Customer, the FCM Member must ensure that the FCM Customer has on deposit
enough funds (as will be set forth in the FCM Member’s Member Agreement) to satisfy
the full collateralization requirement set forth in this Rule 7.5 before the FCM Member
submits the Order to a Platform. These funds must be reserved and made unavailable for
uses other than collateralizing such an Order until the Order resolves, either through
cancellation, expiry, rejection, or execution. Once the Order resolves, the FCM Member
must adjust the reservation of funds on the FCM Customer’s account as appropriate.

Rule 7.6​

Collateral

A.​

United States dollars is the sole form of acceptable collateral.

B.​

Except as otherwise provided herein, collateral must be and remain unencumbered, other
than the encumbrance in favor of the Company described in this paragraph. Each
Participant posting collateral hereby grants to the Company a continuing first priority
security interest in, lien on, right of setoff against and collateral assignment of all of such
Participant’s right, title and interest in and to any property and collateral deposited with
the Company by the Participant, whether now owned or existing or hereafter acquired or
arising, including without limitation the Participant’s account and all securities
entitlements held therein, and all proceeds of the foregoing. A Participant shall execute
any documents required by the Company to create, perfect and enforce such lien.

C.​

Each Participant hereby agrees that, with respect to any financial asset which is or may be
credited to the Participant’s Participant Account, the Company shall have control over
such financial asset pursuant to Section 9-106(a) and 8-106(e) of the UCC and a
perfected security interest pursuant to Section 9-314(a) of the UCC.

D.​

The Company will not be responsible for any diminution in value of collateral that a
Participant deposits with the Company. Participants acknowledge and agree to bear the
risk of market fluctuations.

E.​

Participants’ collateral shall be held in a bank located in the United States and in a
manner which minimizes the risk of loss or of delay in the access by the Company to
such funds and assets and in a manner consistent with the CEA and CFTC Regulations.
Any interest earned on Participant collateral may be retained by the Settlement Bank or
the Company.

F.​

The Company has the right to liquidate a Person’s Contracts or non-cash collateral to the
extent necessary to close or transfer Contracts, fulfill obligations to the Company or other
Participants, and/or to return collateral in the event that, (i) the Person ceases to be a
Participant, (ii) the Company suspends or terminates the Person’s Clearing Privileges,
(iii) the Person’s open position in any Contract becomes insufficiently collateralized, or
(iv) the Company determines in its sole discretion that it is necessary to liquidate the
Contracts or non-cash collateral for such purposes.

53

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
G.​

Collateral transfers made by a Participant to the Company or by the Company to a
Participant are irrevocable and unconditional when effected.

Rule 7.7​

Segregation of Participant Funds

A.​

Participants’ collateral shall be legally and operationally segregated from the property of
the Company.

B.​

Participants’ collateral that relates to a Platform shall be legally and operationally
segregated from the property of Participants that relate to a different Platform, even in the
event that a single Participant is a member of both Platforms and the Company provides
Clearing Services to members of both Platforms.

C.​

The Company shall maintain a proprietary account that will be credited with fees or other
payments owed to the Company that are debited from Members’s Member Accounts as a
result of Participants’ trades and settlements of Contracts cleared by the Company. The
Company shall maintain a record of all Member Account and Sub-Account balances and
each Participant’s Contracts.

D.​

All Futures Customer Collateral deposited by an FCM Member with the Company on
behalf of Futures Customers are protected by CFTC Regulation 1.20 and shall be held in
accordance with the CEA and CFTC Regulation 1.20 in an account identified as
“Customer Segregated.” Such Futures Customer Collateral shall be segregated from all
other funds held by the Company and treated as belonging to such Futures Customers.
Pursuant to this Rule, a Member shall satisfy the segregation acknowledgement letter
requirements of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 1.20 for FCM Customer deposits held at
the Company.

E.​

All Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral deposited by an FCM Member with the Company
on behalf of Cleared Swaps Customers are protected by CFTC Regulation 22.2 and shall
be held in accordance with the CEA and CFTC Regulation 22.2 in an account identified
as a “Location of Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral.” Such Cleared Swaps Customer
Collateral shall be segregated from all other funds held by the Company and treated as
belonging to such Cleared Swaps Customers, as required by CFTC Regulation 22.3.
Pursuant to this Rule, a Member shall satisfy the segregation acknowledgment letter
requirements of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 22.5 for Cleared Swaps Customer
deposits held at the Company.

F.​

All funds deposited by a Self-Clearing Member (including an FCM Member clearing for
its Self-Clearing Member Account) shall be segregated from all other funds held by the
Company and treated as belonging to Members.

Rule 7.8​
A.​

Concentration Limits

The Company will monitor the full range and concentration of its exposures to its
Settlement Bank(s) and assess the potential losses and liquidity pressures in the event that
the Settlement Bank with the largest share of settlement activity were to fail.
54

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 7.9​

Investment of Participant Funds

A.​

The Company may invest Participant funds. Any investment of Participant funds will be
made in accordance with the standards and requirements in CFTC Regulations 1.25, 22.1,
and 39.15 (or any successor regulations).

B.​

All investments will be managed consistent with the objectives of preserving the
principal amounts and maintaining liquidity.
1.​

All investments will be able to be converted into cash within one business day
without a material discount in value.

2.​

Investments will be exclusively in U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. government
agency securities, reverse repurchase agreements for these securities, and U.S.
government money market mutual funds. Under the Company’s investment
policy, the maximum maturity for any investment security cannot exceed 2 years.

3.​

All investments will be held at U.S. situs banks.

C.​

Participants’ funds will not, under any circumstances, be commingled with the
Company’s funds.

D.​

Klear may pay interest to Members’ accounts at a floating rate to be determined by Klear
on funds in Participant’s accounts in excess of an amount to be determined by Klear. For
FCM Customer’s funds, the distribution of such interest, if any, will be governed by the
agreements between the clearinghouse and the FCM Member, and between the FCM
Member and the FCM Customer.

E.​

Klear will retain all profit from investment of Participant funds not paid to Members.

Rule 7.10​

Separate Account Classes

For purposes of these Rules, each of the following constitutes a separate account class
(references to either or both, as the context requires, an “Account Class”): (i) futures positions
executed on or subject to the rules of an exchange that is registered with the CFTC as a DCM
and Margin amounts or other collateral held in an account consistent with section 4d(a) of the
CEA and CFTC Regulations thereunder (“Futures Account Class”); and (ii) swap positions held
in an account consistent with CFTC Part 22 Regulations (“Cleared Swaps Account Class”). Each
Account Class is further divided into a FCM Customer class and proprietary class. Pursuant to
Rule 7.7-D and E, the Company will hold FCM Customer positions (i) in the Futures Account
Class, in segregated accounts protected under CFTC Regulation 1.20 (“Futures Customer
Accounts”); and (ii) in the Cleared Swaps Account Class, in Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts
protected under the CFTC Part 22 Regulations.

55

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 8​
Rule 8.1​

BUSINESS CONDUCT AND TRADING PRACTICES

Scope

This Chapter 8 applies to all Transactions except as may be provided herein. Participants and,
where applicable, Authorized Users, IBs and Authorized Representatives, shall adhere to and
comply fully with this Chapter 8.
Rule 8.2​

Acts Detrimental to the Welfare or Reputation of the Company Prohibited

No Participant, Authorized Representative, IB, Authorized User or ISV shall engage in any
Company activity that tends to impair the welfare, reputation, integrity or good name of the
Company.
Rule 8.3​

Supervision; Information Sharing

A.​

A Member that has one or more Authorized Users or IBs shall be responsible for
establishing, maintaining and administering reasonable supervisory procedures to ensure
that its Authorized Users or IBs comply with these Rules and Applicable Law, and such
Member may be held accountable for the actions of such Authorized Users or IBs with
respect to the Company.

B.​

Members, IBs and Authorized Users shall cooperate fully with the Company or a
Regulatory Agency in any investigation, call for information, inquiry, audit, examination
or proceeding.

C.​

Members, IBs and Authorized Users shall ensure that any information disclosed to the
Company is accurate, complete and consistent. No existing or prospective Member, IB or
Authorized User shall make any false statements or misrepresentations in any application,
report or other communication to the Company.

Rule 8.4​
A.​

Business Conduct

Conducting clearing activities in an honorable and principled manner consistent with
these Rules is the essence of ethical conduct with respect to the Company. Participants,
IBs, Authorized Users, Authorized Representatives, and other Persons subject to the
Company’s jurisdiction shall act with ethical integrity with regard to their Company
activity, and shall adhere to the following ethical standards:
1.​

A Member, IB, Authorized User, Authorized Representative, and any other
Person subject to the Company’s jurisdiction shall abstain from engaging in
conduct that is a violation of these Rules or Applicable Law, and will conduct its
business in accordance with Applicable Law, and in good faith, with a
commitment to honest dealing.

2.​

No Member, IB, Authorized User, Authorized Representative, or other Person
subject to the Company’s jurisdiction shall engage in any fraudulent act or engage

56

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
in any scheme to defraud, deceive, trick or mislead in connection with or related
to any Company activity.
Rule 8.5​

Compliance

Each Participant and IB shall take appropriate steps to ensure compliance with these rules and
Applicable Law. When relevant, Participants and IB shall have a compliance program
commensurate with the size and scope of its activities involving the Company and designed to
ensure appropriate, timely and ongoing review of trading practices and compliance with the
Rules. Each Participant and IB shall act in accordance with these practices for compliance and
monitoring with regard to its Company activity:
A.​

Provide for proper training of personnel on the provisions of the Rules;

B.​

Maintain internal policies and procedures to promote compliance with the Rules;

C.​

Promptly disclose to the Company the details of any violations of the Rules involving a
Participant’s or IB’s activities on the Company, including its own activities or those of
another Participant or IB, and Participants and IBs shall promptly disclose to the
Company the details of any disciplinary sanctions, fines or other related determinations
made by a Regulatory Agency or, with respect to Participants and IBs, another market on
which such Participant or IB trades or provision of market information to the Company or
any of its Affiliates;

D.​

Provide an environment that encourages employees to engage in safe and confidential
discussions and to disclose to senior management any trading practices that might violate
the Rules;

E.​

Require any consultant, contractor and subcontractor to disclose all financial affiliations
and conflicts of interest. Ensure that consultants, contractors or subcontractors do not
cause any disclosure of information in violation of the Rules, including this code of
conduct, and that confidentiality agreements are in effect where appropriate; and

F.​

Establish clear lines of accountability for trading practices, including provisions relating
to the responsibilities of corporate officers, with appropriate oversight by the board of
directors or other senior corporate management committee.

57

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 9​
Rule 9.1​
A.​

B.​

DISCIPLINE AND ENFORCEMENT

General

Market Monitoring
1.​

The Company shall record and store a record of all data entered into the Platform
that is provided to the Company, including the Participant’s, IB’s, and Authorized
User’s identity, information on Transactions and any other information required
and in accordance with the Company’s policies.

2.​

The Compliance Department will conduct investigations when Compliance
Department staff at any time has reason to believe that inappropriate activity of
any sort is taking place that relates to the Company or a Platform.

Compliance Department
1.​

The Company has a Compliance Department consisting of one or more
compliance staff. The Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for overseeing the
Compliance Department and shall report to the Regulatory Oversight Committee
and the CEO.

2.​

The Compliance Department shall investigate activity that it determines could
constitute a violation of these Rules and Applicable Laws, and shall enforce the
Rules and prosecute possible Rule violations within the Company’s disciplinary
jurisdiction.

3.​

The Compliance Department shall conduct periodic reviews of Members and IBs
to verify compliance with these Rules. Such reviews may include, but are not
limited to, reviews of randomly selected samples of audit trail data, and reviews
of account numbers.

C.​

The Company, through the Compliance Department, Disciplinary Panel, and Appeals
Committee, shall conduct inquiries, investigations, disciplinary proceedings, appeals
from disciplinary proceedings, summary impositions of fines, summary suspensions, and
other summary actions in accordance with this Chapter 9. Any Person subject to the
Company’s jurisdiction under Rule 3.1 is subject to the Company’s disciplinary authority
set forth in this Chapter 9.

D.​

The Company, through the Compliance Department, will commence an investigation
upon (i) the discovery or receipt of information that indicates a reasonable basis for
finding that a violation may have occurred or will occur, or (ii) the receipt of a request
from Commission staff.

E.​

No Company Official shall interfere with or attempt to influence the process or resolution
of any Disciplinary Action, except to the extent provided under these Rules with respect
to a proceeding in which a Person is a member of the relevant Disciplinary Panel or
Appeals Committee.
58

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
F.​

Representation by Counsel
1.​

A Respondent, upon being served with a Notice of Charges, has the right to retain
and be represented by legal counsel or any other representation of its choosing,
except any Director or a member of the Disciplinary Panel or person substantially
related to the underlying investigations, such as material witnesses or respondents
during such proceedings.

2.​

In the event of any appeal that requires the Company to retain legal counsel, the
Respondent shall be responsible for the reasonable attorney’s fees incurred by the
Company if the Respondent does not prevail in the dispute.

G.​

The Company may hold a Participant or IB liable for, and impose sanctions against such
Participant or IB, for such Participant’s or IB’s own acts and omissions that constitute a
violation, and with regard to Members for the acts and omissions of each Authorized
User, or other agent or representative of such Member, in each case, that constitute a
violation as if such violation were that of the Member.

H.​

Ex Parte Communications
1.​

A Respondent (and any counsel or representative of such Respondent) and the
Compliance Department (and any counsel or representative of the Compliance
Department) shall not knowingly make or cause to be made an ex parte
communication relevant to the merits of a disciplinary proceeding or an appeal
from a disciplinary proceeding to any member of the Disciplinary Panel or the
Appeals Committee that hears such proceeding.

2.​

Members of a Disciplinary Panel or Appeals Committee shall not knowingly
make or cause to be made an ex parte communication relevant to the merits of a
disciplinary proceeding or an appeal from a disciplinary proceeding to any
Respondent (and any counsel or representative of such Respondent) or the
Compliance Department (and any counsel or representative of the Compliance
Department).

3.​

Any Person who receives, makes or learns of any communication that is
prohibited by this Rule 9.1 shall promptly give notice of such communication and
any response thereto to the Compliance Department and all parties to the
proceeding to which the communication relates.

4.​

A Person shall not be deemed to have violated this Rule 9.1 if the Person refuses
an attempted communication concerning the merits of a proceeding as soon as it
becomes apparent that the communication concerns the merits, and promptly
gives notice of such attempt to the Compliance Department.

59

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 9.2​

Investigations

A.​

If after review of a suspected violation the Compliance Department determines that there
are sufficient grounds to warrant it, the Compliance Department will commence an
investigation. The Compliance Department will endeavor to complete any investigation
within 12 months of the time a potential Rule violation is suspected, unless there exists
significant reason to extend the investigation beyond such period. Upon the conclusion of
any investigation, the Compliance Department shall draft a report detailing the facts that
led to the opening of the investigation, the facts that were found during the investigation,
and the Compliance Department’s analysis and conclusion. Such internal report shall be
maintained in accordance with Rule 2.14.

B.​

The Compliance Department has the authority to:

C.​

1.​

initiate and conduct inquiries and investigations;

2.​

examine books and records of any Person subject to the Company’s jurisdiction
under Rule 3.1;

3.​

prepare investigative reports and make recommendations concerning initiating
disciplinary proceedings;

4.​

issue a Notice of Charges to a Respondent;

5.​

prosecute alleged violations within the Company’s disciplinary jurisdiction; and

6.​

represent the Company on appeal from any disciplinary proceeding, summary
imposition of fines, summary suspension or other summary action.

Each Person subject to the jurisdiction of the Company:
1.​

2.​

is obligated to appear and testify and respond in writing to interrogatories within
the time period required by the Compliance Department in connection with:
a.​

any Rule;

b.​

any inquiry or investigation; or

c.​

any preparation by and presentation during a Disciplinary Action;

is obligated to produce books, records, papers, documents or other tangible
evidence in its possession, custody or control within the time period required by
the Compliance Department in connection with:
a.​

any Rule;

b.​

any inquiry or investigation; or

60

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
c.​
3.​
Rule 9.3​
A.​

any preparation by and presentation during a Disciplinary Action; and

may not impede or delay any Disciplinary Action.
Disciplinary Panel

If the Respondent disputes the Compliance Department’s findings with respect to a
Disciplinary Action, the Company shall convene the Disciplinary Panel to adjudicate the
findings by the Compliance Department that are under dispute. The Chief Compliance
Officer, or an individual designated by the Chief Compliance Officer, may be appointed
to argue the matter on behalf of the Company.
1.​

Members of the Disciplinary Panel shall be individuals that do not have a direct
interest (financial, personal or otherwise) in the matter, but in no event may be
members of the Compliance Department or any Persons involved in adjudicating
any other stage of the same proceeding.

2.​

In the event that members of the Disciplinary Panel do not satisfy the
requirements of Rule 9.3.A.1, then the Regulatory Oversight Committee may
substitute a new member for the Disciplinary Panel or act as the Disciplinary
Panel, to the extent that the substituted member or the Regulatory Oversight
Committee, as the case may be, does not have a direct interest (financial, personal
or otherwise) in the matter.

B.​

Members of the Disciplinary Panel and the Compliance Department may not
communicate regarding the merits of a matter brought before the Disciplinary Panel
without informing the Respondent who is the subject of the communication of the
substance of such communication and allowing the Respondent an opportunity to
respond. The Compliance Department may compel testimony, subpoena documents, and
require statements under oath from any Respondent or, to the extent the Respondent is a
Member, any of its Authorized Users, Authorized Representatives or other employees or
agents.

C.​

The Compliance Department and other Company Representatives working under the
supervision of the Compliance Department may not operate under the direction or control
of any Member, Authorized User, Authorized Representative, IB, or any other
representative of a Member or IB.

Rule 9.4​
A.​

Notice of Charges

If the Compliance Department determines that there is reasonable cause to believe that a
Respondent has violated these Rules or Applicable Law, the Compliance Department will
issue a Notice of Charges to respondent. The Notice of Charges will be sent via email to
the Respondent’s last known email address. The Notice of Charges shall include:
1.​

the reason the investigation was initiated;

2.​

the Rule or Rules alleged to have been violated;
61

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

B.​

3.​

the Respondent’s response, if any, or a summary of the response;

4.​

a summary of the investigation conducted;

5.​

findings of fact and the Compliance Department’s conclusions as to each charge,
including which of these Rules the Respondent violated, if any;

6.​

a summary of the Respondent’s, and any relevant Authorized User’s or
Authorized Representative’s, disciplinary history, if any;

7.​

the penalty, if any, proposed by the Compliance Department; and

8.​

the Respondent’s right to a hearing.

If the Compliance Department institutes an investigation of any Affiliate of the Company,
the Chief Compliance Officer shall notify the Commission’s Division of Market
Oversight or the Division of Clearing and Risk, as appropriate, or their successor
divisions, of that fact. At the conclusion of any such investigation, the Chief Compliance
Officer shall provide the Commission’s Division of Market Oversight, or the Division of
Clearing and Risk, as appropriate, or their successor divisions, with a copy of the report
or other documentation specified in Rule 9.2.

Rule 9.5​

Contesting and Appeals

A.​

The Respondent subject to the investigation may contest the Notice of Charges by
submitting an answer to the Notice of Charges by electronic mail to the Compliance
Department within 15 days of receipt of the Notice of Charges. The Respondent’s answer
must contain a detailed response to the findings and conclusions as to each charge and
any other information the Respondent believes is relevant.

B.​

The Respondent has a right to examine all relevant books, documents, or other evidence
in the possession or under the control of the Compliance Department, except that the
Compliance Department may withhold from inspection any documents that:
1.​

are privileged or that constitute attorney work product;

2.​

were prepared by any Company Representative but which will not be offered in
evidence in the disciplinary proceedings;

3.​

may disclose a technique or guideline used in examinations, investigations, or
enforcement proceedings;

4.​

may disclose the identity of an unrelated Participant or IB;

5.​

may disclose any confidential information other than Respondent’s; or

6.​

disclose the identity of a confidential source.

62

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
C.​

If the Respondent fails to answer a Notice of Charges, then such failure shall be deemed
an admission to the findings in the Notice of Charges, and the Compliance Department’s
findings and conclusions shall become final and the Compliance Department shall
impose the penalty (if any) that it proposes. The Compliance Department shall notify the
Respondent of the imposition of any penalty by email sent to Respondent’s last known
email address.

D.​

If the findings of the Compliance Department are contested, the Compliance
Department’s report and the Respondent’s response will be submitted to a Disciplinary
Panel.

E.​

The Disciplinary Panel will conduct a fair hearing with the Compliance Department or
other Company Representative and the Respondent within 15 calendar days of receipt of
the Participant’s or IB’s answer to the Notice of Charges contesting such Notice of
Charges, unless Respondent and the Compliance Department agree to an extension.
Parties may attend virtually. The formal rules of evidence shall not apply, but the hearing
procedures must not deny a fair hearing.
1.​

The hearing shall be recorded, and all information submitted by the parties and
the recording of the hearing shall be preserved by the Compliance Department,
along with the Disciplinary Panel’s findings, as the record of the proceedings (the
“hearing record”) in accordance with Rule 2.14.

2.​

The hearing record shall be transcribed if requested by the Commission or
Respondent, if the decision is appealed pursuant to these Rules, or if the
Commission reviews the decision pursuant to Section 8c of the CEA or Part 9 of
CFTC Regulations.

F.​

Prior to the Disciplinary Panel’s hearing, the parties may (but need not) submit proposed
findings, briefs, and exhibits (including affidavits), and during the hearing the parties
may present witnesses. The Respondent is entitled to cross-examine witnesses. Persons
within the Company’s jurisdiction who are called as witnesses must participate in the
hearing and produce evidence within the rules set forth in paragraph B of this Rule. The
Compliance Department shall use reasonable efforts to secure the presence of all other
witnesses whose testimony would be relevant.

G.​

Within 14 business days after the Disciplinary Panel’s hearing, the Disciplinary Panel
shall issue a decision, which shall be delivered to the Respondent by email to
Respondent’s last known email address. The findings of the Disciplinary Panel shall
contain the following information:
1.​

A brief summary of the hearing;

2.​

findings and conclusions with respect to each charge, and a complete explanation
of the evidence and other basis for such findings and conclusions;

63

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

H.​

I.​

3.​

a declaration of any penalty to be imposed on the Respondent as the result of the
findings and conclusions, including the basis for such penalty;

4.​

the effective date and duration of that penalty; and

5.​

a statement that the Respondent has the right to appeal any adverse decision by
the Disciplinary Panel to the Appeals Committee within 15 calendar days of
receipt of the Disciplinary Panel’s decision, and the email addresses to send notice
of Respondent’s decision to appeal.

Either the Respondent or the Compliance Department may appeal the decision of the
Disciplinary Panel within 15 calendar days by filing an appeal by email with the Appeals
Committee and forwarding a copy to the other parties to the appeal. The Appeals
Committee may review a decision on its own initiative. Any penalties shall be stayed
pending appeal unless the Regulatory Oversight Committee determines that a stay
pending appeal would likely be detrimental to the Company, other Participants, IBs, or
the public, in which case the penalty shall apply during the appeal period. The Appeals
Committee shall review the hearing record and any information submitted by the
Compliance Department or the Company Representative and the Respondent on appeal
and issue a decision, which shall be final on the date of such issuance. The Respondent
shall be notified of the Appeals Committee’s decision by email and the Respondent’s last
known email address. The hearing record, any information submitted on appeal, and the
Appeals Committee’s decision shall be preserved as the record on appeal in accordance
with Rule 2.14. The decision shall contain:
1.​

a brief statement of the facts on appeal;

2.​

findings and conclusions with respect to each charge that was appealed, and a
complete explanation of the Appeals Committee’s conclusions;

3.​

the Appeals Committee’s determination with regard to each penalty;

4.​

a statement that any Person aggrieved by the action may have a right to appeal the
action pursuant to Part 9 of the Commission’s Regulations, within 30 calendar
days of service; and

5.​

a statement that any Person aggrieved by the action may petition the Commission
for a stay pursuant to Part 9 of the Commission’s Regulations, within ten calendar
days of service.

Notice of the Appeals Committee’s decision will be sent to Respondent via email to
Respondent’s last known email address. Notice will be sent no later than two business
days after the Appeals Committee members sign the decision.

Rule 9.6​
A.​

Settlements

The Compliance Department may enter into settlements with any Respondent any time
following the issuance of a Notice of Charges and prior to any final decision by the
64

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Appeals Committee. The Respondent may initiate a settlement offer. Any settlement offer
shall be forwarded to the Disciplinary Panel with a recommendation by the Compliance
Department that the proposed settlement be accepted, rejected, or modified. A settlement
offer may be withdrawn at any time before it is accepted by the Disciplinary Panel.
B.​

The Disciplinary Panel may accept or reject a proposed settlement, and the decision of
the Disciplinary Panel shall be final and may not be appealed. In addition, the
Disciplinary Panel may propose a modification to the proposed settlement for
consideration by the Respondent and the Compliance Department.

C.​

Any settlement under this Rule shall be in writing and shall state:

D.​

1.​

the Notice of Charges or a summary thereof;

2.​

the Respondent’s answer, if any, or a summary thereof;

3.​

a summary of the investigation conducted;

4.​

findings and conclusions as to each charge, including each act the Respondent
was found to have committed or omitted, be committing or omitting, or be about
to commit or omit, and each of these Rules or Applicable Law that such act or
practice violated, is violating, or is about to violate;

5.​

any penalty imposed and the penalty’s effective date; and

6.​

where customer harm is found to exist, full customer restitution where it can be
reasonably determined.

Failed settlement negotiations or withdrawn settlement offers, will not prejudice a
Respondent or otherwise affect subsequent procedures in the Rule enforcement process.

Rule 9.7​

Notice of Decision

A.​

The Compliance Department shall provide to the NFA for inclusion in its Internetaccessible database of disciplinary matters within two Settlement Bank Business Days
after a decision becomes final, notice of any decision providing that a Respondent is
suspended, expelled, disciplined or denied access to the Company.

B.​

The Compliance Department shall make public notice of the Disciplinary Action, when
the Disciplinary Action becomes final, by posting on its Website the information required
by CFTC Regulation 9.11 for a period of five consecutive Settlement Bank Business
Days in accordance with CFTC Regulation 9.13.

Rule 9.8​
A.​

Penalties

As a result of a Disciplinary Action or as part of a settlement, the Compliance
Department may impose one or more of the following penalties, commensurate with the
violation committed, in consideration with the Respondent’s disciplinary history, and
65

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
including full customer restitution where customer harm is found and where such
restitution can be reasonably determined:

B.​

1.​

a letter of warning, censure, or reprimand (although no more than one such letter
may be issued to the same Person found to have committed the same Rule
violation within a rolling 12-month period);

2.​

a fine or penalty for each Rule or Applicable Law violation sufficient to deter
recidivism plus the monetary value of any benefit received as a result of the
violation or the cost of damages to the unoffending counterparty;

3.​

suspension of Participant, IB, or a Member’s Authorized User status or privileges
for a specified period, including partial suspension of such privileges (for
example, suspension of Clearing Privileges in particular types of Contracts or of
placement of certain types of Orders); and

4.​

revocation of Participant, IB, or a Member’s Authorized User status or privileges,
including partial revocation of such privileges (for example, revocation of
Clearing Privileges in particular types of Contracts).

Penalties that the Company may be separate from any penalty that a Platform imposes.

Rule 9.9​

Summary Suspension

A.​

The Compliance Department may summarily suspend or restrict a Participant’s, IB’s or a
Member’s Authorized User’s privileges if the Chief Compliance Officer believes
suspension or restriction is necessary to protect the swaps, commodity futures or options
markets, the Company, the public, or other Participants.

B.​

The Compliance Department may deny or terminate or restrict the status of a Participant,
IB or a Member’s Authorized User if, (i) such Person is unable to demonstrate its ability
to satisfy the applicable criteria set forth in Chapter 3 of these Rules, (ii) such Person is
unable to demonstrate its compliance with all other applicable Rules, (iii) such Person’s
inability to demonstrate compliance with such criteria or Rules would, in the Company’s
sole discretion, bring the Company into disrepute or cause the Company to fail to be in
compliance with the CEA, CFTC Regulations or other laws and regulations, (iv) such
Person or any of its Authorized Users, as applicable, has committed a violation of the
Rules, or (v) other good cause is shown as the Company may reasonably determine in its
discretion.

C.​

Whenever practicable, the Compliance Department shall notify the Participant, IB or a
Member’s Authorized User whose privileges are to be summarily suspended by email at
the Participant’s, IB’s or Member’s Authorized User’s last known email address before
the action is taken. If prior notice is not practicable, the Participant, IB or Member’s
Authorized User shall be served with notice at the earliest opportunity. This notice shall:
1.​

state the action taken or to be taken;
66

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
2.​

briefly state the reasons for the action;

3.​

state the time and date when the action became or becomes effective and its
duration; and

4.​

state that any Person aggrieved by the action may petition the Commission for a
stay of the effective date of the action pending a hearing pursuant to Part 9 of
CFTC Regulations, within ten calendar days of service.

D.​

In the case of an Authorized User, notice will also be sent to the relevant Member, via
email to the Member’s last known email address.

E.​

The Participant, IB or Member’s Authorized User whose privileges are to be summarily
suspended shall be given an opportunity for appeal under the procedures outlined in Rule
9.5.

Rule 9.10​

Reporting Violations to the Commission

A.​

Whenever the Company suspends, expels, fines or otherwise disciplines or denies any
Person access to the Company, the Company will make the disclosures required by CFTC
Regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, upon rendering a final
decision regarding a disciplinary or access denial action, the Company shall provide
notice to the Commission in a form and manner specified by the Commission.

B.​

The Company will submit to the Commission a schedule listing all those Company Rule
violations which constitute disciplinary offenses as defined in paragraph (a)(6)(i) of
CFTC Regulation 1.63 and, to the extent necessary to reflect revisions, will submit an
amended schedule within thirty days of the end of each calendar year. The Company will
maintain the schedule required by this section, and post the schedule on the Company’s
website.

C.​

The Company will submit to the Commission, within thirty days of the end of each
calendar year, a certified list of any Participants, IBs, or Persons who have been removed
from any Disciplinary Panel, the Board or any Company committee pursuant to these
Rules or Applicable Law during the prior year.

D.​

Whenever the Company finds by final decision that a Participant, IB, or Person has
violated a Rule or otherwise committed a disciplinary offense, and such finding makes
such person ineligible to serve on the Company’s Disciplinary Panels, Company
committees, or the Board, the Company shall inform the Commission of such finding and
the length of the ineligibility in a notice it is required to provide to the Commission
pursuant to either CEA Section 17(h)(1) or CFTC Regulation 9.11.

Rule 9.11​

Coordination with Platforms

The Compliance Department may coordinate rule surveillance and enforcement with Platforms
as the Chief Compliance Officer deems appropriate. This includes sharing information, except
where prohibited, and analyses. This applies for the Company’s Rules, and for a Platform’s rules.
67

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 9.12​

Disciplinary Offenses

Notices of disciplinary decisions sent to Participants, IBs, and a Member’s Authorized Users
under this Chapter will include whether the violation is considered a disciplinary offense within
the meaning of Chapter 2. This will enable any person who has been found to have committed a
Rule violation to know whether the person is now disqualified from Company committee service
and the duration of any such disqualification.
Rule 9.13​

Reporting Offenses to the CFTC

Disciplinary offenses will be reported to the CFTC and/or its designee(s).

68

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 10​
Rule 10.1​

ARBITRATION

In General

A.​

Any Claim by a Participant or IB against another Participant of IB (including any related
counterclaims) shall be settled by arbitration in accordance with this Chapter 10.

B.​

Notwithstanding paragraph A, the arbitration panel, in its sole and absolute discretion,
may decline to take jurisdiction of, or, having taken jurisdiction may at any time decline
to proceed further with, any Claim or any other dispute, controversy or counterclaim,
other than such as may be asserted under paragraph A.

C.​

A Claim brought pursuant to this Rule 10.1 shall be adjudicated by qualified arbitrators
appointed in accordance with Rule 10.5 below.

D.​

Persons to a dispute resolved in accordance with this Chapter 10 shall have the right to
retain and be represented by legal counsel or any other representation of its choosing,
except any Director or a member of the Disciplinary Panel or person substantially related
to the underlying investigations, such as material witnesses or respondents during such
proceedings. Persons to a dispute resolved in accordance with this Chapter 10 shall be
responsible for their own costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees incurred in connection with
the dispute. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Person that prevails shall be entitled to
recover from the other party all reasonable costs, expenses and attorneys’ fees incurred in
any arbitration arising out of or relating to this Chapter 10, and in any legal action or
administrative proceeding to enforce any arbitration award or relief.

E.​

Any award or relief granted by the arbitrators hereunder shall be final and binding on the
parties hereto and may be enforced by any court of competent jurisdiction.

F.​

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Chapter 10 does not apply to disputes between
Participants and/or IBs where:

G.​

1.​

such Persons are required by the rules of a non-Company Self-Regulatory
Organization to submit to the dispute resolution procedures of that SelfRegulatory Organization; or

2.​

such Persons have, by valid and binding agreement, committed to arbitrate or
litigate in a forum other than the Company.

For purposes of this Chapter 10, the term “Claim” means any dispute which arises out of
any Transaction, which dispute does not require for adjudication the presence of essential
witnesses or third parties over whom the Company does not have jurisdiction or who are
otherwise not available. The term “Claim” does not include disputes arising from
underlying commodity transactions which are not a part of, or directly connected with,
any Transaction.

69

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 10.2​

Fair and Equitable Arbitration Procedures

A.​

A Person desiring to initiate an arbitration as provided in Rule 10.1 shall file a notice of
arbitration (a “Notice”) within two years from the time the Claim arose. The Notice must
set forth the name and address of the party or parties against whom the Claim is being
asserted, the nature and substance of the Claim, the relief requested, and the factual and
legal bases alleged to underlie such relief.

B.​

The Notice shall be accompanied by a non-refundable check payable to the Company in
payment of the arbitration fee. The amount of the fee shall be, (i) $500 for a Claim
requesting relief totaling less than $25,000 in the aggregate or, (ii) $1,000 for a Claim
requesting relief totaling $25,000 or more in the aggregate.

C.​

Upon receipt, the Company shall promptly convene an arbitration panel in accordance
with Rule 10.5. The Company shall deliver a copy of the Notice to each other party and
to the arbitration panel.

D.​

Within 20 days following the delivery of the Notice, each respondent shall file a written
response (a “Response”) with the Company, with a copy to the claimant, setting forth its
or his position and any counterclaims, as applicable. If the Response sets forth one or
more counterclaims, the claimant shall file within 20 days a written reply to such
counterclaims with the Company, with a copy to the respondent.

E.​

Once each party has had an opportunity to respond to the Claim and all counterclaims,
the arbitration panel shall promptly schedule a hearing. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Claims requesting relief totaling less than $5,000 in the aggregate may, in the interests of
efficiency and economy, be resolved without a hearing.

F.​

The chairman of the arbitration panel shall preside over the hearing and shall make such
determinations on the relevancy and procedure as will promote a fair and expeditious
adjudication.

G.​

The arbitration panel shall consider all relevant, probative testimony and documents
submitted by the parties. The arbitration panel shall not be bound by the formal rules of
evidence.

H.​

The final decision of the panel shall be by majority vote of the arbitrators, as applicable.

I.​

Within 60 days after the termination of the hearing, the arbitration panel shall render its
final decision in writing and deliver a copy thereof either in person or by first-class mail
to each of the parties. The arbitration panel may grant any remedy or relief which it
deems just and equitable, including, without limitation, the awarding of interest and the
arbitration fee.

J.​

The final decision of the arbitration panel shall not be subject to appeal within the
Company.

70

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
K.​

No verbatim record shall be made of the proceedings, unless requested by a party who
shall bear the cost of such record.

Rule 10.3​

Withdrawal of Arbitration Claim

Any Notice may be withdrawn at any time before the Response is filed in accordance with this
Chapter 10. If a Response has been filed, any withdrawal shall require the consent of the party
against which the Claim is asserted.
Rule 10.4​

Penalties

A.​

Any failure on the part of a Person to arbitrate a dispute subject to this Chapter 10, or the
commencement by any such Person of a suit in any court prior to arbitrating a case that is
required to be arbitrated pursuant to this Chapter 10, violates these Rules and shall
subject such Person to disciplinary proceedings pursuant to Chapter 9.

B.​

A failure to timely satisfy an arbitration award rendered in any arbitration pursuant to this
Chapter is a violation of these Rules, and may result in disciplinary action.

Rule 10.5​

Arbitration Panel

A.​

On an as-needed basis, the Company shall convene an arbitration panel to adjudicate an
arbitration claim under this Chapter 10. For a Claim requesting relief totaling less than
$25,000 in the aggregate, the arbitration panel shall consist of one individual. For a Claim
requesting relief totaling $25,000 or more in the aggregate, the arbitration panel shall
consist of three individuals.

B.​

Members of the arbitration panel shall be individuals that do not have a direct interest
(financial, personal or otherwise) in the matter.

C.​

Any member of the arbitration panel may disqualify himself for any reason he or she
deems appropriate.

D.​

Each member of the arbitration panel shall conduct himself in a manner consistent with
the American Bar Association/American Arbitration Association’s “Code of Ethics for
Arbitrators in Commercial Disputes,” which the Company hereby adopts as its own code
of ethics for arbitrators.

E.​

Each member of the arbitration panel must have no less than five years’ experience in the
financial services industry, and at least one arbitrator must have no less than five years’
experience in the commodity futures or swap industry.

F.​

In the event that members of the arbitration panel do not satisfy the requirements of this
Rule 10.5, then the Regulatory Oversight Committee may substitute a new member for
the arbitration panel or act as the arbitration panel, to the extent that the substituted
member or the Regulatory Oversight Committee, as the case may be, does not have a
direct interest (financial, personal or otherwise) in the matter.

71

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 11​

[RESERVED]

72

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 12​
Rule 12.1​
A.​

DEFAULT

Member Defaults

If any of the following events occurs with respect to a Member (regardless of whether
any such event is cured by any guarantor or other third party on behalf of such Member
or otherwise), the Member shall be in “Default” (a “Defaulting Member”):
1.​

If such Member fails to meet any of its Obligations under its Contracts with the
Company,

2.​

If the Member is insolvent,

3.​

If such Member fails to pay when due any amounts owed to the Company, or

4.​

If such Member fails to make any required deposit to the Guaranty Fund (defined
herein) as required by these Rules.

B.​

Then, and in any such event, such Member shall automatically and without further action
be suspended as a Member, except that such suspension may be temporarily postponed
by the Chief Risk Officer if the Chief Risk Officer, in consultation with the Risk
Management Committee as appropriate, determines that such suspension would not be in
the best interests of the Company, in which case the Chief Risk Officer shall immediately
call a special meeting of the Board as soon as practicable, at which the Board may
reinstitute such suspension or take such other action as may be provided for in the Rules.

C.​

If the Company determines that such Member is not in compliance with the provisions of
Rule 3.2B and that such noncompliance poses an unacceptable risk to the Company, then,
in any such event, the Company may declare that the Member is in Default and may
determine that such Member shall be suspended as a Member.

D.​

The Company will provide public notice of a declaration of a Member’s Default on the
Company’s website.

Rule 12.2​
A.​

Liquidation on Termination or Suspension of Member

When a Person ceases to be a Member or is suspended as a Member, such Person shall be
prohibited from establishing new positions and all open Contracts carried by the
Company for such Member shall be closed out as expeditiously as practicable such that:
1.​

Open Contracts are transferred by the Member and accepted by one or more other
Members, with the prior consent of the Company, or transferred by the Company
to one or more other Members pursuant to an auction of the Contracts or other
procedure instituted by the Company;

2.​

The Chief Risk Officer or in the absence of the Chief Risk Officer, any Director
with voting authority may, in consultation with the Risk Management Committee

73

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
as appropriate, determine that, in his or her opinion, liquidation be deferred for the
protection of the financial integrity of the Company; or
3.​
B.​

Open Contracts are liquidated in the manner set forth in Rule 12.3 to the extent
that paragraphs (1) and (2) do not apply.

If the Company is unable for any reason to liquidate open Contracts of a Person in a
prompt and orderly fashion, if the Company determines to delay such liquidation, or if
the Company otherwise determines it is appropriate to not liquidate any open Contracts
for the protection of the Company or its Members, the Chief Risk Officer or the Chief
Risk Officer’s designee may, in consultation with the Risk Management Committee as
appropriate, authorize the execution from time to time for the account of the Company,
solely for the purpose of reducing the risk to the Company resulting from the continued
maintenance of such open Contracts, hedging transactions, including, without limitation,
the purchase, grant or sale of Contracts or other agreements or instruments (and the
modification or termination of such transactions, from time to time). Such officers may
delegate to one or more persons the authority to determine, within such guidelines as
such officers shall prescribe, the nature and timing of such hedging transactions. Any
costs or expenses, including losses, sustained by the Company in connection with
transactions effected for its account pursuant to this paragraph shall be charged to such
Person (which amounts, if such Person is a Defaulting Member, shall constitute part of
the “Defaulted Obligation” (defined herein)), and any gains, net of any costs and
expenses, shall be credited to such Person.

Rule 12.3​

Details of Implementation; Method of Closing-Out

A.​

While adherence to the provisions of this Chapter 12 shall be mandatory, the detailed
implementation of the process of finalizing losses with respect to a Default, including the
liquidation, auction or sale of positions or assets of the Defaulting Member, shall be
conducted by the Company in accordance with the Rules.

B.​

Liquidation of open Contracts held for a Member Account (whether for an FCM Member
or Self-Member) of a Defaulting Member may occur by one or more of the following
methods:

C.​

1.​

Book entry that offsets open Contracts on the books of the Defaulting Member;

2.​

Liquidation on the open market; and/or

3.​

Private auctions amongst qualified market participants invited or required by the
Company to submit confidential bids. The Company shall have discretion to
select the best bid submitted for any portfolio in an auction, based on the totality
of the circumstances.

The Company may impose Obligations on Members to participate in auctions, or to
accept allocations, of the positions of a Defaulting Member, provided that:

74

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

D.​

1.​

The Company shall permit a Member to outsource to a qualified third party,
authority to act in the Member’s place in any auction or allocations, subject to
appropriate safeguards imposed by the Company; and

2.​

The Company shall not require a Member to bid for a portion of, or accept an
allocation of, the Defaulting Member’s positions that is not proportional to the
size of the bidding or accepting Member’s positions in the same product class at
the Company.

All information received by a Member, its affiliate or customer in connection with the
Company’s liquidation and default management processes shall be treated as confidential.

Rule 12.4​

Guaranty Fund

A.​

The Company shall establish and maintain a Guaranty Fund. The Company shall
calibrate the size of the Guaranty Fund in a manner designed to ensure that the Company
can meet its financial obligations to its Members notwithstanding a Default by the
Member creating the largest financial exposure for the Company in extreme but plausible
market conditions.

B.​

As used in this Rule, the following terms have the following meanings:

C.​

1.​

Base Uncovered Stress Loss Amount means the portion of each Member’s
Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirement, as defined below, that is based upon the
Member’s uncovered stress loss, as determined pursuant to the Company’s risk
policies.

2.​

Base Open Interest Amount means the portion of each Member’s Guaranty Fund
Deposit Requirement, as defined below, that is based upon the Member’s
maximum recent open interest, as determined pursuant to the Company’s risk
policies.

3.​

Base Volume Amount means the portion of each Member’s Guaranty Fund
Deposit Requirement, as defined below, that is based upon the volume of
Margined Contracts recently cleared by the Member, as determined pursuant to
the Company’s risk policies.

4.​

Contract Segment means (i) Margined Contracts, (ii) Fully Collateralized
Contracts, or (iii) any other Contract or groups of Contracts as determined by the
Company.

Each Member clearing Margined Contracts shall deposit and maintain in the Guaranty
Fund an amount calculated as follows:
1.​

For each Member, the amount to be deposited and maintained in the Guaranty
Fund shall be the sum of the Member’s Base Uncovered Stress Loss Amount,
Base Open Interest Amount, and Base Volume Amount (the “Guaranty Fund
Deposit Requirement”), provided that:
75

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
a.​

Each new Member shall be required to deposit such amount as determined
by the Risk Management Committee; provided further, that in no event
shall the amount of such deposit be less than $1,000,000, or such other
amount as the Risk Management Committee may establish from time to
time;

b.​

Subject to such thresholds as may be established by the Risk Management
Committee from time to time, a Member whose Guaranty Fund Deposit
Requirement has increased relative to its current contribution shall be
required to deposit cash to remedy such deficiency.

2.​

Subject to Rule 2.8, the Risk Management Committee shall have the authority to
cause the Guaranty Fund Obligations of all Members to be recalculated at any
time, and to require Members to immediately deposit in the Guaranty Fund any
amounts required to meet the recalculated Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirements.

3.​

The Company shall have the authority to define and redefine the Contract
Segments and to apportion the Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirement of each
Member to the Contract Segment in which the Member holds Contracts. The
Company will determine whether a Member holds Contracts in a Contract
Segment at the time the Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirement is recalculated. The
Company shall provide advance notice to Members when making: (i) a material
change to an existing Contract Segment, or (ii) a new Contract Segment. The
Company shall not make material changes to a Contract Segment when a Member
is in Default and such Default is being actively managed by the Company.

D.​

Deposits in the Guaranty Fund shall be made by a Member in the form of cash.

E.​

Guaranty Fund deposits shall be held in a bank approved for the purpose by the
Company, in an account or accounts separate from all other cash and securities held by
the Company. The Company shall have the sole right to withdraw cash from such account
or accounts subject to the rights of any assignee, pledgee or holder of a security interest
in the Guaranty Fund or any cash therein.

F.​

So long as any Person is a Member and thereafter for the period until the Company
returns such Person’s Guaranty Fund deposits as provided in Rule 3.9, its Guaranty Fund
deposits may be applied by the Company:
1.​

against any amounts that become due from such Person to the Company for any
reason (including but not limited to Initial Margin, Variation Margin, fees,
Assessments, and fines) at any time it was a Member and for the period until the
Company returns such Person’s Guaranty Fund deposits as provided in Rule 3.9;

2.​

against any amounts that are charged as provided in or pursuant to Rule 12.5
against the Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirements of all Members at any time that
such Person was a Member and for the period until the Company returns such
Person’s Guaranty Fund deposits as provided in Rule 3.9; and
76

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
3.​

to provide such funds, on such terms and conditions, as the Board in its discretion,
acting by a vote of not less than three-fourths of all Directors eligible to vote, may
deem necessary or appropriate to facilitate the transfer of FCM Customer
Accounts from a FCM Member experiencing financial difficulty to another
Member, if the Board shall determine by such vote that to do so is in the best
interest of the Company. For example, subject to Board approval, Guaranty Fund
deposits may be contributed to offset part or all of the deficits in the portfolio of
FCM Customer Accounts of an FCM Member experiencing financial difficulty in
order to facilitate the acceptance and transfer of such portfolio to another FCM
Member.

G.​

The Company may at any time and from time to time assign, transfer, pledge, repledge or
otherwise create a lien on or security interest in, the Guaranty Fund and/or the cash and
securities held in the Guaranty Fund to secure the repayment of funds borrowed by the
Company (plus interest, fees and other amounts payable in connection therewith) or
pursuant to a repurchase agreement or similar transaction. Any such borrowing or
repurchase agreement or similar transaction shall be on terms and conditions deemed
necessary or advisable by the Company (including the collateralization thereof) in its sole
discretion, and may be in amounts greater, and extend for periods of time longer, than the
obligations, if any, of any Member to the Company for which such cash was pledged to
or deposited with the Company. Any funds so borrowed or obtained in repurchase
agreements or similar transactions shall be used and applied by the Company solely for
the purposes for which cash or securities held in the Guaranty Fund are authorized to be
used pursuant to the Rules, including for the purpose of addressing a temporary liquidity
mismatch during the default management process; provided that the failure of the
Company to use such funds in accordance with this Rule 12.4G shall not impair any of
the rights or remedies of any assignee, pledgee or holder of any such lien or security
interest or repurchase transaction counterparty. Cash held in the Guaranty Fund, subject
to the rights and powers of the Company with respect thereto as set forth in the Rules and
any agreements between any Member and the Company, and subject to the rights and
powers of any Person to which the Guaranty Fund or any cash held therein shall have
been assigned, transferred, pledged, repledged or otherwise subjected to a lien or security
interest, shall remain the property of the respective Members depositing such cash and
securities.

H.​

Subject to the rights of any assignee, transferee, pledgee or holder of a lien or security
interest as provided in Rule 12.4G, if at any time the amount of any cash on deposit in the
Guaranty Fund for any Member:
1.​

shall exceed the amount required to be on deposit for such Member by more than
such amount as the Company may prescribe, the Company will return the excess
to such Member upon its written request.

2.​

shall be less than the amount required to be on deposit for such Member by more
than such amount as the Company may prescribe, such Member shall restore the
deficiency (including, without limitation, a deficiency caused by the application
of such Member’s deposits in the Guaranty Fund as described in Rule 12.4F) on
77

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
demand (a “Replenishment”); provided, however, that a Member that has
withdrawn as a Member shall not be required to restore a deficiency occurring
after its Withdrawal Date, subject to any limitations in this Rule 12.4.
I.​

The Company may invest cash deposited in the Guaranty Fund in securities which are
direct obligations of the United States government and may engage in repurchase
transactions with any cash on deposit. Any interest, capital gain or other income earned
on any such investments or repurchase transactions shall belong and be credited to the
Company.

J.​

If the Guaranty Fund or any part thereof is lost as a result of the insolvency of any bank
or other depository, embezzlement, defalcation or any reason other than use pursuant to
Rule 12.5, such loss may, in the discretion of the Board, be restored by application of the
following sources of funds in the order listed (each such source to be fully utilized before
the next following source is applied):
1.​

Such portion, if any, of the surplus of the Company as the Board determines to be
available for such purpose; and

2.​

Assessments (as defined herein) levied by the Company upon the Members,
which Assessments shall be paid to the Company at such time and in such manner
as the Board may specify, which shall be no later than the normal end-of-day
settlement time for the Business Day on which such Assessment is levied.

K.​

In the event that the Guaranty Fund or any part thereof shall have been applied as
described in Rule 12.4F or shall have been lost as described in Rule 12.4J, and the
Company shall thereafter recover any amount so applied or lost from any Person liable
therefore, the amount of such recovery (after deducting any expenses, including legal fees
and expenses incurred in connection therewith) shall be credited to the Guaranty Fund
deposits of each Member in that proportion which the amount required to be on deposit
by such Member bears to the amount required to be on deposit by all Members as of the
date upon which such application took place or such loss was incurred.

L.​

Any expense, including legal fees and operational expenses, incurred by the Company in
connection with the deposit by a Member of assets into the Guaranty Fund, or the return
thereof to such Member, may at the option of the Company be charged to such Member.
To collect these fees or expenses the Company shall have the right to instruct each
Settlement Bank to debit the Member Account(s) maintained by each Member, and/or
any other account designated by such Member for purposes of this Rule, for any payment
of these fees or expenses due to the Company.

M.​

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein (but subject to Rule 12.4J-1 above), the
Company shall not be liable if the Guaranty Fund or any part thereof and/or any Margin
held in a Member Account or other assets provided by or held for the account of a
Member are lost or decrease in value as a result of the insolvency or failure of any bank
or other depository or third party settlement system. Nothing in this paragraph will limit
any liability of the Company for its own gross negligence or willful misconduct.
78

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 12.5​

Monetary Default; Priority of Payments in Default

A.​

If any Member, whether an FCM Member or Self-Clearing Member, fails to deposit with,
or pay to, the Company in full any Initial Margin, Variation Margin, Guaranty Fund
contribution, Assessment or other sum (not including any fees, dues or fines) under or in
connection with any Contract, when and as required by or pursuant to the Rules, such
failure shall constitute a Default and any payment obligations or losses, whether present
or future, actual or contingent, shall constitute the “Defaulted Obligation.” If and at such
times as the Company has in effect a procedure whereby deposits or payments of sums
with or to the Company are effected by having the Company instruct Settlement Banks to
transfer funds from Members’ accounts with such Settlement Bank directly to the
accounts of the Company, a Member shall be deemed to have failed to deposit or pay any
sum when and as required if such Settlement Bank fails to wire transfer funds when and
as instructed by the Company.

B.​

For the avoidance of doubt, and pursuant to Rule 12.8:
1.​

A Defaulted Obligation arising from any FCM Customer’s position in any futures
Contract held in a Futures Customer Account shall be satisfied by application of
Margin, excess Margin, other collateral and settlement variation gains held for the
respective Futures Customer in the FCM Member’s Futures Customer Account in
a manner consistent with section 4d(a) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 1.20;

2.​

A Defaulted Obligation arising from any FCM Customer’s position in any cleared
swap Contract held in a Cleared Swaps Customer Account shall be satisfied by
application of Margin, excess Margin, other collateral and settlement variation
gains held for the respective Cleared Swaps Customer in the FCM Member’s
Cleared Swaps Customer Account consistent with Section 4d(f)(2) of the CEA
and Part 22 of CFTC Regulations; and

3.​

A Defaulted Obligation arising in the defaulted Member’s proprietary Account
Class shall be satisfied from the Margin, excess Margin, other collateral and
settlement variation gains held for the Member in its Self-Clearing Member
Account.

The Company shall not use Margin amounts or other collateral in any FCM Customer
Account Class of a defaulting FCM Member to satisfy a payment obligation to the
Company in respect of the defaulting Member’s proprietary Account Class, and shall not
use Margin amounts or other collateral held in one Account Class for FCM Customers of
the defaulting FCM Member to satisfy a payment obligation to the Company in respect of
another Account Class for FCM Customers of the defaulting FCM Member.
Any gains or excess collateral within a segregated FCM Customer Account Class
following final determination of a defaulting FCM Member’s Defaulted Obligation shall
remain segregated to the relevant FCM Customer Account Class, where it may be used to
satisfy payment obligations arising from such Account Class, but shall not be added to
the FCM Member’s collateral generally.
79

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
C.​

In the event that at any time a Default occurs on the part of any Defaulting Member, then:
1.​

The following shall apply:
a.​

If and to the extent a Default relates to a FCM Customer Account, the
Defaulted Obligation shall be reduced in the following priority order:
i.​

by the Margin, excess Margin, and such other assets of the FCM
Customer Account; and

ii.​

by the Margin, any excess Margin, such other assets of the
Self-Clearing Member Account of the FCM Defaulting Member, to
the extent such funds have not been exhausted to fulfill the
requirements of Rule 12.5C-1(b); and

iii.​

by the Guaranty Fund deposit of the FCM Defaulting Member.

provided that, any Defaulted Obligation resulting from any (i) Futures
Customer’s futures position in a Contract held in a Futures Customer
Account shall be satisfied by application of the Futures Customer
Collateral held for the respective Futures Customer consistent with CFTC
Regulation 1.20 and (ii) Cleared Swaps Customer’s cleared swap position
in a Contract held in a Cleared Swaps Customer Account shall be satisfied
by application of the Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral held for the
respective Cleared Swaps Customer consistent with CFTC Regulations
Part 22. For the avoidance of doubt, any excess funds and assets in the
Self-Clearing Member Account of an FCM Defaulting Member shall be
applied to cover losses with respect to an FCM Customer’s Default, if the
relevant FCM Customer’s funds and assets are insufficient to cover the
Defaulted Obligation. Notwithstanding any other provision of these
Rules, neither the Cleared Swaps Customer Collateral of non-defaulting
Cleared Swaps Customers nor the Futures Customer Collateral of
non-defaulting Futures Customers shall be applied to cover the Defaulted
Obligations of a Defaulting Member.
b.​

c.​

If and to the extent a Default relates to a Contract carried in a
Self-Clearing Member Account, the Defaulted Obligation shall be reduced
in the following priority order:
i.​

the Margin, excess Margin, and such other assets of the
Self-Clearing Member Account; and

ii.​

the Guaranty Fund deposit of the Self-Clearing Member.

The Defaulting Member shall immediately restore any deficiencies in its
Margin and Guaranty Fund deposits resulting from any such applications.

80

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

2.​

d.​

Margin held by the Company for the Futures Customer Accounts or
Cleared Swap Customer Accounts of a FCM Defaulting Member shall not
be used to cover losses in the Self-Clearing Member Account of the FCM
Defaulting Member.

e.​

If the Defaulted Obligation is associated with a Contract Segment, the
funds described in paragraphs (a)(i),(a)(ii), a(iii), b(i) and b(ii) of this Rule
12.5 associated with a Contract Segment shall first be used to reduce the
Defaulted Obligation based on the Contract Segment(s) giving rise to the
loss, in accordance with Company procedures.

If, after the application of funds in accordance with Rule 12.5C-1 the Defaulted
Obligation has not been satisfied, and if the Defaulting Member fails to pay the
Company the amount of the deficiency on demand, such Defaulting Member shall
continue to be liable therefor, but the amount of the deficiency, until collected
from the Defaulting Member, shall be met from the following sources of funds, in
the following order of priority, each of which shall be fully utilized before the
next following source is applied:
a.​

the First Tranche Company Contribution (defined herein);

b.​

subject to Rule 12.4G and the last paragraph of this Rule 12.5C, the
Guaranty Fund; in the following priority allocated on a pro rata basis
where possible:
i.​

That portion of the Guaranty Fund allocated to a Contract Segment
with a Defaulted Obligation that has not been satisfied (but only to
the extent the unsatisfied Defaulted Obligation is associated with a
Contract Segment);

ii.​

The entirety of the Guaranty Fund not applied under Rule
12.5C-2(b)(i).

c.​

the Second Tranche Company Contribution (defined herein); and

d.​

assessments levied by the Company upon all the Members (other than the
Defaulting Member) as provided in this Rule 12.5 (“Assessments,” with
the total amount to be assessed at any one time pursuant to this clause (d)
an “Assessment Amount”).

In the event that the application of funds in accordance with clauses (a) through
(d) are inadequate to satisfy the Defaulted Obligation, the Defaulting Member
shall continue to be liable therefor, but the amount of the deficiency, until
collected from the Defaulting Member, shall be met pursuant to Rule 12.5D and
12.5E below.

81

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
For the avoidance of doubt, Company may at any time following the occurrence
of a Default and in anticipation of any charge against the Guaranty Fund require
Members to post Assessments, subject to the limitations set forth in these Rules in
respect of such Assessments.
The “First Tranche Company Contribution” represents the obligation of the
Company to provide funds, in an amount not to exceed the greater of $20 million
or 10% of the total aggregate value of the Guaranty Fund, to be applied pursuant
to paragraph (2)(a), and the “Second Tranche Company Contribution” (together
with the First Tranche Company Contribution, the “Company Contributions”)
represents the obligation of the Company to provide funds, in an amount not to
exceed the greater of $20 million or 10% of the total aggregate value of the
Guaranty Fund, to be applied pursuant to paragraph 2(c). If the Company
Contributions are so applied, the Company will have no obligation to provide
additional funds to replenish such contribution or otherwise provide additional
funds in respect thereof.
The amount of a Replenishment that each Member must deposit in the Guaranty
Fund to satisfy its obligation, pursuant to Rule 12.4H-2, to restore the Guaranty
Fund deficiency in the event of the application of some part or all of the Guaranty
Fund pursuant to paragraph (b)(ii) (the total Guaranty Fund amount so applied
referred to herein as the “Aggregate Guaranty Fund Deficiency”) is equal to the
Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirement of such Member by reference to three (3)
calendar months preceding the Monetary Default.
3.​

The amount of any Assessment shall be computed by multiplying the Assessment
Amount by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the Member’s Guaranty
Fund Deposit Requirement determined by reference to the period of three (3)
calendar months preceding the Monetary Default, and the denominator of which
shall be the total of the Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirements for such period for
all Members being assessed. The resulting product shall constitute the amount of
the Assessment to be levied on such Member pursuant to this paragraph (3).

4.​

If the Assessment as determined pursuant to Rule 12.5C-3 would exceed the
maximum set forth in Rule 12.5C-5, or if the amount assessed against any
Member shall exceed the amount paid by such Member, the excess shall be
assessed against the other Members (other than the Defaulting Member and any
Member that shall have been assessed the maximum permitted by Rule 12.5C-5)
in accordance with such Rule 12.5C-3, as if the excess were the Assessment
Amount. Assessments pursuant to this paragraph 12.5C-4 shall be repeated until
the entire Assessment Amount shall have been assessed, subject to the maximum
limitations on Assessments set forth herein.

5.​

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Member (other than a
Defaulting Member) shall be liable to provide Assessments as a result of charges
or applications against the Guaranty Fund in respect of a single Default of another
Member in an amount exceeding 200% of its Guaranty Fund Deposit
82

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Requirement immediately prior to the occurrence of the Default. Further, no
Member, other than a Defaulting Member, shall be liable to provide Assessments
as a result of charges or applications against the Guaranty Fund in respect of
multiple Monetary Defaults of other Members occurring within six months of
each other in an amount exceeding 550% of its Guaranty Fund Deposit
Requirement before the first Monetary Default.
6.​

If in any case, because of the limitations contained in Rule 12.5C-5, the maximum
permitted Assessments are less than the Assessment Amount, the Board shall
determine what if any further action to take, provided that under no circumstances
may the Board levy Assessments on any Member that would exceed such
limitations.

7.​

A Person that withdraws as a Member shall be subject only to Assessments
imposed to meet:
(i)​

Defaults occurring prior to the Member’s Withdrawal Date, subject
to the limitations contained in Rule 12.5C-5; and

(ii)​

Assessments levied under Rule 12.4J prior to the Member’s
Withdrawal Date.

8.​

All Assessments shall be due and payable within such time as the Company may
prescribe, which shall be no later than the normal end of day settlement time for
the Business Day on which such Assessment is levied. If any Person shall not pay
any Assessment when due, such Person shall continue to be liable therefor, but the
Company may assess the Members (other than such Person, the Defaulting
Member and any Member that shall have been assessed the maximum amount
permitted by Rule 12.5C-5) for the unpaid amount in accordance with Rule
12.5C-3 and Rule 12.5C-4, subject to the limitations set forth herein.

9.​

If, after making any Assessments to meet any Defaulted Obligation owing by a
Defaulting Member as referred to in Rule 12.5C-2, or to meet any Assessment not
paid as referred to in Rule 12.5C-8, the Company collects the amount of such
Defaulted Obligation or such unpaid Assessment in whole or in part from the
Person or Persons liable therefor, the Company shall refund the amount so
collected (net of any expenses, including without limitation any legal fees
incurred in connection therewith) pro rata to the Members that had been assessed
to meet such Defaulted Obligation or nonpayment and had paid the amount so
assessed.

10.​

For clarity, Variation Margin Gains Haircutting provided for in Rule 12.5-D and
Tear-Ups provided for in Rule 12.5-E are not Assessments and are therefore not
subject to the Assessment limits provided in Rule 12.5C-5, Rule 12.7, or Rule
3.9F.

83

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

D.​

11.​

The Company shall exercise the same degree of care in the administration,
enforcement and collection of any claims against a Defaulting Member, any
related guarantor, or its or their insolvency estate with respect to any Defaulted
Obligation, unpaid Assessment or other deficiency of the Defaulting Member to
the Company (such claims, “Defaulting Member Claims”) as it exercises with
respect to its own assets that are not subject to allocation pursuant to Rule
12.5C-9 above. In furtherance of the foregoing, the Company may determine, in
its reasonable discretion, whether or not to commence, continue, maintain, sell,
dispose of or settle or compromise any litigation, arbitration or other action with
respect to any Defaulting Member Claim, without the consent of any Member or
other person. The Company shall not be liable for losses arising from any error in
judgment or for any action taken or omitted to be taken by it with respect to
Defaulting Member Claims, except for such losses that result from the Company’s
gross negligence or willful misconduct. The Company may, in its discretion,
assign to Members any Defaulting Member Claim, in whole or in part, and such
assignment shall satisfy in full the Company’s obligations under Rule 12.5C-9 and
this 12.5C-11 with respect to any such claim (or portion thereof) or recoveries
therefrom.

12.​

The Company shall prioritize the use of Assessments collected from Members
participating in a Contract Segment with a Defaulted Obligation to meet the
Defaulted Obligation associated with that Contract Segment.

If at any time following a Default of a Member, the assets available to cover the
Defaulted Obligation under Rule 12.5C-2(a) through (d) are insufficient to satisfy the
Defaulted Obligation and obligations of the Company to Members as a result of such
Default, then the Company, in a manner that is consistent with the requirements of the
CEA and the regulations adopted thereunder, conduct its next settlement cycle as
described below.
1.​

If the Defaulted Obligation is associated with a Contract Segment, the settlement
cycle described in Rule 12.5D–2 will be conducted for only the Contract Segment
associated with the Defaulted Obligation, unless otherwise determined by the
Chief Risk Officer.

2.​

The Company shall provide notice to Members, such notice to be provided on the
Company’s website, and conduct a settlement cycle to determine settlement prices
for all Contracts and the Variation Margin for each Member and, in the case of an
FCM Member, its FCM Customers, in accordance with the following:
a.​

The net Variation Margin the Company owes to a Member (a “Variation
Margin Gain”), or the net Variation Margin the Member owes to the
Company (a “Variation Margin Loss”) shall be determined separately for:
(i)​

Self-Clearing Member Accounts (“Proprietary Variation Margin
Gain” or “Proprietary Variation Margin Loss”),

84

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

3.​

(ii)​

each FCM Member’s Futures Customer Accounts (“Futures
Customer Variation Margin Gain” or “Futures Customer Variation
Margin Loss”), and

(iii)​

the Cleared Swaps Customer Account of each Cleared Swaps
Customer of a FCM Member (with respect to each customer, a
“Cleared Swaps Customer Variation Margin Gain” or “Cleared
Swaps Customer Variation Margin Loss”).

b.​

The Risk Management Committee may determine a maximum amount of
position liquidation expenses that may be subtracted from Members’
Variation Margin Gains, based upon then existing facts and circumstances,
that it deems appropriate to mitigate further disruptions to the markets.

c.​

The Company shall then notify each Member of the amount of its
remaining Assessment and each Member shall pay to the Company all
such amounts no later than the time required for the relevant settlement
cycle. If a Member does not pay all such amounts to the Company, the
Company shall determine such Member to be in Default.

d.​

If the Variation Margin Loss payments received by the Company exceed
the Variation Margin Gains, the Company shall calculate reimbursements
of, and distribute, the excess funds in the reverse order of their collection
by the Company.

e.​

If the Variation Margin Gains exceed the amount of Variation Margin Loss
payments received by the Company:
(i)​

the Company shall notify Members and provide an opportunity for
Members and their FCM Customers, if applicable, to make
voluntary contributions to the Company;

(ii)​

If the amount of Variation Margin Gains continues to exceed the
amount of Variation Margin Loss payments received by the
Company, after the Company adds any voluntary contributions
from Rule 12.5D–2(e)(i) to the Variation Margin Loss payments,
then the Company shall apply Variation Margin Gains Haircuts (as
defined below) to the Proprietary Variation Margin Gains, Futures
Customer Variation Margin Gains and Cleared Swaps Customer
Variation Margin Gains for the current settlement cycle and each
successor settlement cycle on the current Business Day and, unless
a Bankruptcy Event has occurred, each of the next two Business
Days, in accordance with the following:

Proprietary Variation Margin Gains, Futures Customer Variation Margin Gains
and Cleared Swaps Customer Variation Margin Gains each shall be reduced on a
pro rata basis according to the amount of such gains, to result in the aggregate
85

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
amount necessary for Variation Margin Loss payments received by the Company
to equal Variation Margin Gains payments (such process, a “Variation Margin
Gains Haircut”).
4.​

Futures Customer Variation Margin Gains shall be haircut by the Company at the
Member Account level of each FCM Member. Each FCM Member shall allocate
the haircut of its Futures Customer Variation Margin Gains pro rata among its
Futures Customers with net portfolio gains for the relevant settlement cycle;
(i)​

E.​

The Risk Management Committee may instruct the Company to
extend or reduce the number of days during which Variation
Margin Gains Haircuts are applied, provided that in no
circumstance may the Company conduct settlement cycles in
which Variation Margin Gains Haircuts are applied for longer than
five Business Days; and

The Company may, at any time following a Default of a Member, notify Members and
provide an opportunity for Members to voluntarily agree to have their Self-Clearing
Member positions or, with a FCM Customer’s consent, to agree to have each such FCM
Customer’s positions in an FCM Customer Account, extinguished by the Company.
1.​

If Self-Clearing Member or FCM Member positions in Contracts of a Defaulting
Member remain open (the “Open Defaulter Positions”) following the last
settlement cycle conducted pursuant to Rule 12.5-D(e)(ii), the Company shall
extinguish the Open Defaulter Position through a partial tear-up process (“Partial
Tear-Up”) or a full tear-up process (“Full Tear-Up”) of Member and FCM
Customer positions of non-defaulted Members and non-defaulted FCM
Customers of the Defaulting Clearing Member in accordance with the following:
a.​

The Risk Management Committee shall determine the appropriate scope
of each Partial Tear-Up or shall determine that a Full Tear-Up is
appropriate. In making such determination, the Risk Management
Committee shall consider then existing known facts and circumstances,
the furtherance of the integrity of the Company and the stability of the
financial system and the legitimate interests of Members and market
participants.

b.​

A Partial Tear-Up may include, but need not be limited to, the following
methods:
(i)​

Line-by-Line Tear-Up against the Open Defaulter Positions to
proportionately extinguish Contracts held by non-defaulted
Members and the non-defaulted FCM Customers of the Defaulted
Member, if the Defaulted Member is an FCM Member, that are
opposite to the Open Defaulter Positions and relative to the size of
the Open Defaulter Positions; and

86

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
(ii)​

Rule 12.6​

Tear-Up of All Positions in Contracts within a Contract Segment.
Extinguish all open positions in Contracts for a product or
combination of products.

c.​

A Full Tear-Up would involve the extinguishment of all open positions in
Contracts.

d.​

The price for Full or Partial Tear-Up (the “Tear-Up Price”) shall equal the
latest Settlement Price (which could be established at either an intra-day or
end of day settlement) as of the date and time of such tear-up ensuring that
the position subject to tear-up does not generate any variation margin
obligations.

Limited Recourse for Guaranty Fund Products

A.​

If a Default occurs, Initial Margin, Variation Margin and the priority of payments
described in Rule 12.5 shall be the sole source of payments to cover the Defaulted
Obligation until the Defaulted Obligation is fully and finally resolved, as applicable. In
the event that Initial Margin, Variation Margin and the priority of payments described in
Rule 12.5 are insufficient to cover the Defaulted Obligation, regardless of whether the
Company is able to require a Member to cure a deficiency in the Guaranty Fund because
of the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event (as such term is defined in Rule 12.9A),
Members and the holders of Contracts shall have no recourse to any other funds or any
other entity, including without limitation the Margin or Guaranty Funds that support
clearing of other products (including, without limitation, the Margin held by the
Company for Fully-Collateralized Contracts), the Company, Kalshi Exchange, or any of
its affiliates, other than any amounts recovered as described in Rule 12.6B.

B.​

Losses caused by the default of a Member are amounts due to the Company from such
Member and shall remain legal obligations thereof notwithstanding the Company’s
recourse to the loss-mutualization provisions of these Rules, and the Company shall take
commercially reasonable steps to recover (including claims submitted in an insolvency or
resolution proceeding) such amounts. If any portion of these amounts is subsequently
recovered by the Company, the net amount of such recovery shall be credited to
non-defaulted Members (whether or not they are still Members at the time of recovery) in
the following order on a pro rata basis based on (i) the amount of their (and their
customers’, if applicable) voluntary contributions with respect to such Default, (ii) the
amount of their (and their customers’, if applicable) Variation Margins Gains Haircuts
with respect to such default, (iii) the amount of their Assessments utilized by the
Company with respect to such default, and (iv) the amount of their Guaranty Fund
contribution utilized by the Company with respect to such default, each in the order
listed, and then to the Company for the amount of the Company Contribution utilized by
the Company with respect to such default.

Rule 12.7​
A.​

Cooling Off Period

As used in this Rule, the following terms shall have the following meanings:
87

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
1.​

Cooling-Off Period means the period commencing on the date of the Cooling-Off
Period Trigger Event and terminating 30 days thereafter. A Cooling-Off Period
shall be automatically extended if a subsequent Cooling-Off Period Trigger Event
occurs 30 or fewer Business Days after the previous Cooling-Off Period Trigger
Event, in which case the Cooling-Off Period will be extended until the date falling
30 Business Days after such subsequent Cooling-Off Period Trigger Event.

2.​

Cooling-Off Period Trigger Event means (i) any call for an Assessment to be
made pursuant to Rule 12.5C-3 arising from a Default or Defaults; or (ii) the
occurrence of a Sequential Guaranty Fund Depletion (as defined herein).

3.​

Cooling Off Termination Period means the period commencing on the date of
each Cooling-Off Period Trigger Event and terminating 10 Business Days
thereafter; provided that if one or more subsequent Cooling-Off Period Trigger
Events occur during a Cooling-Off Termination Period, the Cooling-Off
Termination Period will be extended until the date that is 10 Business Days after
the last such event.

4.​

Sequential Guaranty Fund Depletion means, in respect of a particular Member
that is not a Defaulting Member, the occurrence of circumstances in which: (i)
there have been two or more Defaults relating to different Members within a
period of 30 or fewer Business Days; (ii) contributions to the Guaranty Fund from
non-Defaulting Members have been applied in respect of at least two such
Defaults; and (iii) the total amount of Replenishments that the Member has as a
result paid to the Company to replenish its contributions to the Guaranty Fund
exceeds its Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirement prior to the first such Default.

B.​

Upon the occurrence of any Cooling-Off Period Trigger Event, the Company shall issue a
notice to Members of the commencement of the Cooling-Off Period, setting out the date
on which such period is scheduled to end (and the date on which the Cooling-Off
Termination Period is scheduled to end).

C.​

From the commencement of, and solely for the duration of, the Cooling-Off Period:
1.​

The obligation to provide Replenishments under Rule 12.5C-2 shall continue to
apply to a Member during the Cooling-Off Period, subject to Rule 12.7D-2.

2.​

The aggregate of all Assessments due under Rule 12.5C-3 from a Member for all
Defaults occurring or declared during the Cooling-Off Period (or resulting in the
Cooling-Off Period) and all Replenishments due under Rule 12.5C-2 shall not
exceed 550% of the amount of the Member’s Guaranty Fund Deposit
Requirement immediately prior to the occurrence of the Default or Defaults as a
result of which the Cooling-Off Period commenced (with any Assessments or
Replenishments levied in respect of the Monetary Default or Defaults as a result
of which the Cooling-Off Period commenced being counted towards such
maximum amount) (the “Maximum Aggregate Cooling-Off Period
Contribution”). A Member that has provided Assessments and/or Replenishments
88

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
in such maximum amount in respect of a Cooling-Off Period shall not be liable
for any further Replenishments of its contributions to the Guaranty Fund or
Assessments in respect of any Default or Defaults occurring or declared during
such Cooling-Off Period, regardless of how many additional Defaults take place
in such period.
3.​

For the avoidance of doubt, the per Default cap on Assessments set forth in Rule
12.5C-5 shall apply in respect of each Default occurring or declared during the
Cooling-Off Period; and

4.​

During the Cooling-Off Period, the Company may rebalance, re-set or recalculate
Guaranty Fund Deposit Requirements to the Guaranty Fund or the total required
contribution amount for purposes of determining liability for Replenishments or
Assessments during the Cooling-Off Period; provided that such adjustments will
not affect the Maximum Aggregate Cooling-Off Period Contribution or the other
limitations provided in this Rule.

Rule 12.8​
A.​

Default Management Across Account Classes

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the procedures set forth in Rule 12.5
shall be conducted separately by the Company with respect to open Contracts and
associated Guaranty Fund contributions for different Account Classes (Futures Customer
Accounts, Cleared Swaps Customer Accounts, and Self-Clearing Member Accounts).
Upon a Default of an FCM Member, the Company may, in accordance with Applicable
Law, act immediately to attempt to transfer to alternate Members part or all FCM
Customer positions and associated collateral with respect to any FCM Customer Account
Class in which there is no Default on payment obligations or shortfall in required
collateral, and in such cases the Company shall not apply segregated FCM Customer
collateral to any payment obligations arising from a Default in any Self-Clearing Member
Account or a different FCM Customer Account Class.
1.​

If a Default occurs in a Futures Account Class, the Company has the right to
liquidate and apply toward the Default all open positions and Margin deposits in
the Futures Customer Account of the defaulting FCM Member. Accordingly,
positions and Margin deposited by FCM Customers not causing the Default are at
risk if there is a Default in the Futures Account Class of their FCM Member. If
the Company liquidates positions and/or collateral in the Futures Account Class,
any collateral remaining after application to Defaulted Obligations in respect of
such Account Class shall be reserved to the Futures Account Class in order to
satisfy the claims of non-defaulting FCM Customers in accordance with
Applicable Law.

2.​

Each FCM Member shall cause its Cleared Swaps Customers to establish
arrangements to make all Margin payments to the Company through the
appropriate Settlement Bank and to keep on file with the Company any direction
to transfer its open positions and collateral to another Member.

89

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
3.​

The Company shall treat positions and collateral of the Cleared Swaps Customers
of a FCM Member, which has been declared to be in Default, in accordance with
Part 22 of CFTC Regulations. Immediately after the Default of a FCM Member,
the Company shall cease netting Variation Margin among the Cleared Swaps
Customers of the defaulting FCM Member.

4.​

If the Company ceases to net Variation Margin of the FCM Customers of a
defaulting FCM Member, the Company will calculate the Variation Margin
obligation owed to each Cleared Swaps Customer (“collects”), and also calculate
the Variation Margin obligation owed to the Company by each Cleared Swaps
Customer (“pays”). The Company will establish a holding account for Variation
Margin collects owed to each Cleared Swaps Customer or, subject to necessary
approvals, pay such Variation Margin collects directly to each Cleared Swaps
Customer. The Company will collect Cleared Swaps Customer Variation Margin
pays from the following sources:
(a)​
Directly from the obligated Cleared Swaps Customer in accordance with
the arrangements established under Rule 12.8A-2 or by attaching any excess
collateral attributable to that customer;
(b)​
By means of liquidating the collateral supporting the Cleared Swaps
Customer’s position attributed to a Cleared Swaps Customer that fails to make a
required Variation Margin payment when due. The proceeds of such liquidation
shall be used to meet the Cleared Swaps Customer’s settlement variation pay
obligation to the Company. If the collateral is liquidated, the positions supported
by the collateral shall be promptly liquidated.
Any unmet Cleared Swaps Customer obligation to the Company will be a
“Defaulted Obligation,” per Rule 12.5-A, and will be cured in accordance with
the provisions of Rule 12.5.

5.​

The Company shall rely on its own books and records to identify the portfolio of
rights and obligations arising from the positions of each Cleared Swaps Customer.
To the extent the Company’s books and records are not available or the Company
determines that its books and records are not accurate, the Company shall rely on
the information provided by the defaulted FCM Member to identify the portfolio
of rights and obligations arising from the positions for each of its Cleared Swaps
Customers.

6.​

Upon liquidating the defaulting FCM Member’s Self-Clearing Member Account,
any remaining collateral may be applied by the Company to any Defaulted
Obligation remaining in the defaulting FCM Member’s FCM Customer Account
Classes. If the defaulting Base Clearing Member has more than one FCM
Customer Account Class that has been declared to have defaulted, proceeds from
the defaulting FCM Member’s Self-Clearing Member Account shall be divided by
the Company pro rata among such FCM Customer Account Classes, based on

90

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
their applicable Margin requirements for the clearing cycle immediately prior to
the Default.
Rule 12.9​

Close Out Netting

A.​

DCO Insolvency: If at any time the Company: (i) institutes or has instituted against it a
proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any
bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors’ rights, or a petition
is presented for its winding up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or
petition presented against it, such proceeding or petition results in a judgment of
insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an Order for Relief or the making of an order for
the Company’s winding-up or liquidation, or (ii) approves resolutions authorizing any
proceeding or petition described in clause (i) above (collectively, a “Bankruptcy Event”),
all open positions in the Company shall be closed promptly in accordance with Rule
12.9-D.

B.​

Default of the Company: If at any time the Company fails to comply with an undisputed
obligation to pay money or deliver property to a Member that is due and owing in
connection with a transaction cleared by the Company, for a period of thirty Business
Days from the date that the Company receives notice from the Member of the past due
obligation (any such event or a Bankruptcy Event, a “Company Default”), all open
positions of the Company shall be closed promptly in accordance with Rule 12.9-D.

C.​

Wind-Up of Contracts: If at any time the Board determines that a winding up (offset) of
all outstanding positions at the Company is prudent or desirable or that the Company’s
clearing service should be terminated, then all open positions at the Company shall be
closed promptly in accordance with Rule 12.9-D.

D.​

Close-Out Time.
1.​

In the event of the close-out of open positions pursuant to this Rule 12.9, the
Company shall issue a notice (a “Termination Notice”) specifying the applicable
paragraph of this Rule under which close-out will occur, the Termination Time (as
defined below) and such other matters as the Company determines appropriate.

2.​

The date and time of close out under this Rule 12.9-D (the “Termination Time”)
shall be as follows:
a.​

in the case of close-out as a result of a Bankruptcy Event, at 5 p.m., New
York time on the second Business Day following the date of the
Bankruptcy Event;

b.​

in the case of close-out as a result of a Company Default under Rule
12.9-B, at 5 p.m., New York time, on the fifth Business Day after the date
the Company received notice of the relevant past due obligation;

91

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
c.​

3.​

in the case of close-out pursuant to Rule 12.9-C, the time specified in the
Termination Notice, which shall be within one Business Day after
issuance of such notice (and if no time is specified, 5 p.m. New York time
on the Business Day following issuance of such notice).

Upon and with effect immediately as from the Termination Time, each open
position subject to termination under this Rule 12.9 shall be automatically
terminated at the Termination Price (defined below), without the need for any
further step by any party to such position. All positions open immediately prior to
the close-out shall be valued in accordance with the procedures of Rules 12.9-E
and F.

E.​

At such time as a Member’s positions are terminated pursuant to this Rule 12.9, the
obligations of the Company to a Member in respect of all of its proprietary positions,
accounts, collateral and deposits to the Guaranty Fund shall be netted, in accordance with
the Bankruptcy Code, the CEA and regulations adopted thereunder in each case, against
the obligations of that Member in respect of its proprietary and, if the Member is an FCM
Member, FCM Customer positions, accounts, collateral and its obligations to the
Company. All obligations of the Company to a FCM Member in respect of its FCM
Customer positions, accounts, and collateral shall be separately netted against the
positions, accounts and collateral of its FCM Customers in accordance with the
requirements of the Bankruptcy Code, the CEA and regulations adopted thereunder in
each case. As of the Termination Time for a Member’s positions, the authority of the
Company, pursuant to Rule 12.5 to make new assessments and/or require a Member to
cure a deficiency in its Guaranty Fund deposit shall terminate, but without limiting the
obligations of Members to make such contributions or assessments for which the
obligation arose prior to the Termination Time.

F.​

As of the Termination, the Company shall fix a U.S. dollar amount (the “Close-Out
Amount”) to be paid to or received from the Company by each Member, after taking into
account all applicable netting and offsetting pursuant to Rule 12.9-E. The Company shall
value open positions subject to close-out at a price (the “Termination Price”) that is the
market price for the relevant market at the Termination Time, assuming the relevant
markets were operating normally at such time. If the relevant markets were not operating
normally at such moment, in the Company’s reasonable judgment, the Company shall
determine the Termination Price by exercising its discretion, acting in good faith and in a
commercially reasonable manner, in adopting methods of valuation expected to produce
reasonably accurate substitutes for the values that would have been obtained from the
relevant market if it were operating normally. In determining a Close-Out Amount, the
Company may consider any information that it deems relevant, including, but not limited
to, any of the following: (i) prices for similar Contracts trading on other markets; (ii)
quotations from leading dealers in the Contract, setting forth the price (which may be a
dealing price or an indicative price) that the quoting dealer would charge or pay for a
specified quantity of the Contract; (iii) relevant historical and current market data for the
relevant market, provided by reputable outside sources or generated internally; and (iv)
values derived from theoretical pricing models using available prices for the underlying
92

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
interest or a related interest and other relevant data. If a Member owes the Close-Out
Amount, it shall promptly pay that amount to the Company upon demand.
G.​

Interpretations in Relation to FDICIA. The Company intends that certain provisions of
this Rule 12.9 be interpreted in relation to the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
Improvement Act of 1991 (“FDICIA”), as amended, as follows:
1.​

The Company is a “clearing organization.”

2.​

An obligation of a Member to make a payment to the Company, or of the
Company to make a payment to a Member, subject to a netting agreement, is
“covered clearing obligation” and a “covered contractual payment obligation.”

3.​

An entitlement of a Member to receive payments from the Company, or of the
Company to receive a payment from a Member, subject to a netting contract, is a
“covered contractual payment entitlement.”

4.​

The Company is a “member,” and each Member is a “member.”

5.​

The amount by which the covered contractual payment obligations of a member
or the Company exceed the covered contractual payment entitlements of such
Member or the Company after netting under a netting contract is its “net
obligation.”

6.​

The Rules of the Company, including this Rule 12.9 are a “netting contract.”

93

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Chapter 13​
Rule 13.1​
A.​

MISCELLANEOUS

Prohibited Conduct for Company Employees, Directors, and Consultants.

Prohibited conduct for Company employees:
1.​

Company employees are prohibited from trading, directly or indirectly, in any
Contract cleared by the Company.

2.​

Company employees are prohibited from Trading, directly or indirectly, in any
contract traded on any DCM or SEF or cleared by a DCO if the employee has
access to material, non-public information concerning the contract.

3.​

Company employees are prohibited from disclosing to any other Person, any
material, non-public information which such employee obtains as a result of his or
her employment at the Company where such employee has or should have a
reasonable expectation that the information disclosed may assist another person in
trading any commodity interest. This Rule does not prohibit disclosures made in
the course of an employee’s duties, or disclosures made to another self-regulatory
organization, linked exchange, court of competent jurisdiction or representative of
any agency or department of the federal or state government acting in his or her
official capacity.

4.​

Exceptions to trading prohibitionsi.​

Trading by related entities of the Company is allowed on any
Platform if the rules of the Platform include provisions for such
trading. For example, an entity that is related to the Company and a
Platform is allowed to trade on the Platform if the rules of a
Platform allow for trading on Platform by a related entity.

ii.​

Contractors that provide services for the Company that have no
connection to the Company’s Clearing Services and do not have
access to any material information are excepted from trading
prohibitions. For example, a Person contracted with the Company
to provide carpet cleaning services is excepted from the trading
prohibitions of this Rule.

iii.​

The Chief Compliance Officer (or, in the case of an exception for
the Chief Compliance Officer, the Board) may grant exceptions to
the trading prohibitions in this Rule, if the Chief Compliance
Officer determines that the exemption would not be contrary to the
purposes of the CEA, CFTC Regulations, the public interest, and
just and equitable principles of trade.

94

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
iv.​

B.​

C.​

As noted in paragraph B of this Rule, under no circumstances is
any Person allowed to trade on the basis of any material,
non-public, information.

Prohibited Conduct - Employees, Directors, and Consultants
a.​

Company employees, Directors, and consultants are prohibited from
trading for such Person’s own account, or for or on behalf of any other
account, in any commodity interest, on the basis of any material,
non-public information obtained through special access related to the
performance of such Person’s official duties as an employee, Directors,
committee member, or consultant of the Company.

b.​

Company employees, Directors, and consultants are prohibited from
disclosing for any purpose inconsistent with the performance of such
Person’s official duties as an employee, Directors, committee member, or
consultant of the Company, any material, non-public information obtained
through special access related to the performance of such duties.

c.​

No Person shall trade for such Person’s own account, or for or on behalf of
any other account, in any commodity interest, on the basis of any material,
non-public information that such Person knows was obtained in violation
of this Rule from an employee, Directors, committee member, or
consultant of the Company.

As used in this Rule, the following terms have the following meanings:
a.​

Commodity interest means any commodity futures, commodity option or
swap contract traded on or subject to the rules of a DCM, SEF or linked
exchange, or cleared by a DCO, or cash commodities traded on or subject
to the rules of a board of trade which has been designated as a DCM.

b.​

Company Employee means any employee or contractor of the Company,
and does not include a Person who is only a Director, a Person who is only
a member of a committee, or a Person who is only a consultant.

c.​

Material information means information which, if such information were
publicly known, would be considered important by a reasonable person in
deciding whether to trade a particular commodity interest on a DCM or an
SEF, or to clear a swap or futures contract through a DCO. Material
information includes, but is not limited to, information relating to present
or anticipated cash positions, commodity interests, trading strategies, the
financial condition of members of self-regulatory organizations or
members of linked exchanges or their customers, or the regulatory actions
or proposed regulatory actions of a self-regulatory organization or a linked
exchange.

95

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
d.​

Rule 13.2​

Non-public information means information which has not been
disseminated in a manner which makes it generally available to the trading
public.

Property Rights

A.​

Each Participant and each IB, on behalf of itself and each of its Affiliates, Authorized
Users and other Persons affiliated with any of the foregoing, hereby acknowledges and
agrees that the Company owns and shall retain all right, title and interest in and to the
Company, all components thereof, including, without limitation, all related applications,
all application programming interfaces, user interface designs, software and source code
and any and all intellectual property rights therein, including, without limitation, all
registered or unregistered, as applicable, (i) copyrights, (ii) trademarks, (iii) service
marks, (iv) trade secrets, (v) trade names, (vi) data or database rights, (vii) design rights,
(viii) moral rights, (ix) inventions, whether or not capable of protection by patent or
registration, (x) rights in commercial information or technical information, including
know-how, research and development data and manufacturing methods, (xi) patents, and
(xii) other intellectual property and ownership rights, including applications for the grant
of any of the same, in or to the Company and all other related proprietary rights of the
Company and/or any of its Affiliates (together, with any and all enhancements,
corrections, bug fixes, updates and other modifications to any of the foregoing and any
and all data or information of any kind, other than Proprietary Data and Personal
Information, transmitted by means of any of the foregoing, including, without limitation,
market data, the “Proprietary Information”). Each Participant and each IB, on behalf of
itself and each of its Affiliates, Authorized Users and other Persons affiliated with any of
the foregoing, further acknowledges and agrees that the Proprietary Information is the
exclusive, valuable and confidential property of the Company. Each Participant and each
IB acknowledges and agrees that it shall not, and it shall not permit its Affiliates,
Authorized Users and other Persons affiliated with any of the foregoing, to reverse
engineer, copy, bug fix, correct, update, transfer, reproduce, republish, broadcast, create
derivative works based on or otherwise modify, in any manner, all or any part of the
Company or the Proprietary Information. Each Participant and each IB further agrees to,
and agrees to cause each of its Affiliates, Authorized Users and other Persons affiliated
with any of the foregoing to, keep the Proprietary Information confidential and not to
transfer, rent, lease, copy, loan, sell or distribute, directly or indirectly, all or any portion
of the Company or any Proprietary Information.

B.​

Subject to the provisions of this Rule, each Participant and each IB, on behalf of itself
and each of its Affiliates, Authorized Users, and other Persons affiliated with any of the
foregoing, hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company is the owner of all rights,
title and interest in and to all intellectual property and other proprietary rights (including
all copyright, patent, trademark or trade secret rights) in market data, and all derivative
works based thereon, and further agrees not to distribute, create derivative works based
on, or otherwise use or commercially exploit market data and any such derivative works,
provided that Participants, Affiliates, Authorized Users, IBs and such other Persons may
use market data for their own internal business purposes. Without limiting the generality
96

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
of the foregoing, Participants, Affiliates, Authorized Users, IBs and other Persons
affiliated with any of the foregoing may not distribute, sell or retransmit market data
exchange to any third party.
C.​

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Rule, each Participant, IB, and Authorized
User retains such rights as it may enjoy under Applicable Law with respect to market
data solely in the form such market data was submitted to the Company by such
Participant, IB, or Authorized User.

D.​

Transaction Data shall not be disclosed publicly other than on an aggregated or
anonymous basis, or in a manner that does not directly or indirectly identify any market
participant who has submitted such data.

E.​

The Company shall not condition access to the Company upon a Participant’s consent for
the Company to the use of Proprietary Data and Personal Information for business or
marketing purposes. Proprietary Data and Personal Information may not be used by the
Company for business and marketing purposes unless the market participant has clearly
consented to the use of Proprietary Data and Personal Information in such manner. The
Company, where necessary, for regulatory purposes, may share Proprietary Data and
Personal Information with one or more DCMs, SEFs, or other similar entities, or
associations such as the Intermarket Surveillance Group. Further, nothing in this Rule
shall preclude the Company from disclosing Proprietary Data and Personal Information:
(i) as required by Applicable Law or legal process, (ii) as the Company may deem
necessary or appropriate in connection with any litigation affecting the Company, (iii) to
any Company Representative authorized to receive such information within the scope of
his or her duties, (iv) to a third party performing regulatory or operational services for the
Company, provided that such party has executed a confidentiality and non-disclosure
agreement in a form approved by the Company, (v) to a duly authorized representative of
the CFTC lawfully requesting Proprietary Data and Personal Information, (vi) in a
manner in which a market participant consents to such disclosure, (vii) pursuant to the
terms of an information-sharing agreement, or (viii) as permitted by CFTC Regulations.

Rule 13.3​

Signatures

Rather than rely on an original signature, the Company may elect to rely on a signature that is
transmitted, recorded or stored by any electronic, optical, or similar means (including but not
limited to telecopy, imaging, photocopying, electronic mail, electronic data interchange,
telegram, or telex) as if it were (and the signature shall be considered and have the same effect
as) a valid and binding original.
Rule 13.4​

Governing Law

The Rules, and the rights and Obligations of the Company, Participants and IBs under the Rules,
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York
without regard to any provisions of New York law that would apply the substantive law of a
different jurisdiction. The State of New York is the “securities intermediary’s jurisdiction” within
the meaning of Section 8-110(e) of the UCC for all purposes of the UCC.
97

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 13.5​

Legal Proceedings

A.​

Any action, suit or proceeding against the Company, its Officers, Directors, limited
liability company members, employees, agents, or any member of any committee must be
brought within one year from the time that a cause of action has accrued. Any such
action, suit or proceeding shall be brought in the State or Federal courts located within
the City of New York, New York. Each Participant, IB and Authorized User expressly
consents to the jurisdiction of any such court, waives any objection to venue therein, and
waives any right it may have to a trial by jury.

B.​

In the event that a Participant, IB or Authorized User or an Affiliate of such Person fails
to prevail in a lawsuit or other legal proceeding instituted by such Participant, IB,
Authorized User or such Affiliate against, (i) the Company or, (ii) any Affiliate of the
Company or any of its respective officers, directors, equity holders, employees, agents, or
any member of any committee, related to the business of the Company, such Participant,
IB, or Authorized User shall pay to the Company all reasonable costs and expenses,
including attorneys’ fees, incurred by the Company in the defense of such proceeding.
This Rule 13.5 shall not apply to Company disciplinary actions, appeals thereof, or an
instance in which the Board has granted a waiver of the provisions hereof.

C.​

The Company will provide to the Commission copies of documents pertaining to
Company-related pending legal proceedings as required under CFTC Regulation 1.60.

Rule 13.6​

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY; NO WARRANTIES

A.​

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THE RULES, OR DUE TO COMPANY
OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM THE ACT OR CFTC REGULATIONS,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PART 39 OF CFTC REGULATIONS, OR
OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY
OF ITS COMPANY REPRESENTATIVES, AFFILIATES OR AFFILIATES’
REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON, OR ANY PARTNER,
DIRECTOR, OFFICER, AGENT, EMPLOYEE, AUTHORIZED USER OR
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE THEREOF, FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE,
INJURY, DELAY, COST, EXPENSE, OR OTHER LIABILITY OR CLAIM,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR RESTITUTION, OR UNDER ANY OTHER
CAUSE OF ACTION, SUFFERED BY OR MADE AGAINST THEM AS A RESULT
OF THEIR USE OF SOME OR ALL OF THE PLATFORM OR THE WEBSITE AND
BY MAKING USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE WEBSITE, SUCH PERSONS
EXPRESSLY AGREE TO ACCEPT ALL LIABILITY ARISING FROM THEIR USE
OF SAME.

B.​

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THESE RULES OR DUE TO COMPANY
OBLIGATIONS ARISING FROM THE ACT OR CFTC REGULATIONS,
INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, PART 39 OF CFTC REGULATIONS, OR
OTHERWISE UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY
OF ITS COMPANY REPRESENTATIVES, AFFILIATES OR AFFILIATES’
REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE TO ANY PERSON, OR ANY PARTNER,
98

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
DIRECTOR, OFFICER, AGENT, EMPLOYEE, AUTHORIZED USER OR
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE THEREOF, FOR ANY LOSS, DAMAGE,
INJURY, DELAY, COST, EXPENSE, OR OTHER LIABILITY OR CLAIM,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR RESTITUTION, OR UNDER ANY OTHER
CAUSE OF ACTION, SUFFERED BY OR MADE AGAINST THEM, ARISING
FROM (A) ANY FAILURE OR NON-AVAILABILITY OF THE PLATFORM OR
WEBSITE; (B) ANY ACT OR OMISSION ON THE PART OF THE COMPANY,
COMPANY
REPRESENTATIVES,
AFFILIATES
OR
AFFILIATES’
REPRESENTATIVES INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION A DECISION OF THE
COMPANY TO VOID, NULLIFY OR CANCEL ORDERS OR TRADES IN WHOLE
OR IN PART; (C) ANY ERRORS OR INACCURACIES IN INFORMATION
PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY, AFFILIATES, THE PLATFORM, OR THE
WEBSITE; (D) UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THE
PLATFORM OR WEBSITE BY ANY PERSON; (E) ANY FORCE MAJEURE EVENT;
OR (F) ANY LOSS TO ANY PARTICIPANT OR INTRODUCING BROKER
RESULTING FROM A PARTICIPANT’S OR INTRODUCING BROKER’S OWN
SECURITY OR THE INTEGRITY OF A PARTICIPANT’S OR INTRODUCING
BROKER’S TECHNOLOGY OR TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS. THIS LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY,
ANY COMPANY REPRESENTATIVES, ANY COMPANY AFFILIATES OR
AFFILIATES’ REPRESENTATIVES (OR ANY DESIGNEE THEREOF) WAS
ADVISED OF OR OTHERWISE MIGHT HAVE ANTICIPATED THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGES.
C.​

A PERSON’S USE OF THE PLATFORM OR THE WEBSITE, COMPANY
PROPERTY AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION AND MATERIALS PROVIDED BY
THE COMPANY IS AT THE PERSON’S OWN RISK, AND THE PLATFORM, THE
WEBSITE, THE COMPANY PROPERTY AND ANY OTHER INFORMATION AND
MATERIALS PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY HEREUNDER ARE PROVIDED ON
AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
REPRESENTATIONS OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, BY STATUTE,
COMMON LAW OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT, AND ANY WARRANTIES ARISING FROM A COURSE OF
DEALING, USAGE OR TRADE PRACTICE. THE COMPANY DOES NOT
GUARANTEE THAT (A) THE COMPANY PROPERTY, THE PLATFORM, OR THE
WEBSITE WILL OPERATE IN AN ERROR-FREE, SECURE OR UNINTERRUPTED
MANNER; (B) ANY INFORMATION OR MATERIALS PROVIDED BY THE
COMPANY OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE COMPANY PROPERTY, THE
PLATFORM, OR THE WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, RELIABLE,
OR TIMELY; OR (C) THE COMPANY PROPERTY OR ANY ASPECTS OF THE
PLATFORM OR THE WEBSITE WILL BE FREE FROM VIRUSES OR OTHER
HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR
THE CREDITWORTHINESS OF ANY PERSON OR FOR THE ACTS OR
OMISSIONS OF ANY PERSON UTILIZING THE PLATFORM, THE WEBSITE, OR
ANY ASPECT OF THE COMPANY, PLATFORM, OR WEBSITE. A PERSON
99

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
ACCESSING THE COMPANY IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR THE SECURITY
AND INTEGRITY OF THE PERSON’S TECHNOLOGY. A PERSON’S ACCESS TO
THE COMPANY MAY BE INTERNET-BASED AND THE COMPANY HAS NO
CONTROL OVER THE INTERNET OR A PERSON’S CONNECTIONS THERETO.
ANY PERSON ACCESSING THE COMPANY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE
INTERNET, COMPUTER NETWORKS, AND COMMUNICATIONS LINKS AND
DEVICES NECESSARY TO ENABLE A PERSON TO ACCESS AND USE THE
PLATFORM AND THE WEBSITE ARE INHERENTLY INSECURE AND
VULNERABLE TO ATTEMPTS AT UNAUTHORIZED ENTRY AND THAT NO
FORM OF PROTECTION CAN ENSURE THAT A PARTICIPANT’S DATA,
HARDWARE, OR SOFTWARE OR THE PLATFORM OR OTHER COMPANY
PROPERTY WILL BE FULLY SECURE. FURTHERMORE, THE COMPANY SHALL
HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO MONITOR OR VERIFY ANY INFORMATION
DISPLAYED THROUGH THE PLATFORM OR THE WEBSITE.
D.​

A PARTICIPANT THAT HAS COLLATERAL DEPOSITED FOR ITS BENEFIT WITH
THE COMPANY PURSUANT TO THESE RULES SHALL HOLD THE COMPANY
HARMLESS FROM ALL LIABILITY, LOSSES AND DAMAGES WHICH MAY
RESULT FROM OR ARISE WITH RESPECT TO THE CARE AND SALE OF SUCH
COLLATERAL PROVIDED THAT THE COMPANY HAS ACTED REASONABLY
AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAW UNDER THE
CIRCUMSTANCES. FURTHERMORE, THE COMPANY HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY
FOR ANY ACT OR OMISSION OF ANY THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDER
THAT THE COMPANY HAS CHOSEN WITH REASONABLE CARE. THE
COMPANY HAS NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY LOSS OF
COLLATERAL THAT RESULTS, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, FROM A BREACH
TO A PARTICIPANT’S SECURITY OR ELECTRONIC SYSTEMS, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO CYBER ATTACKS, OR FROM A PARTICIPANT’S
NEGLIGENCE WITH RESPECT TO A WALLET, ADDRESS OR THE RECEIPT OF
COLLATERAL UPON THE REQUEST OF A WITHDRAWAL, OR FROM A
PARTICIPANT’S DEPOSIT, MISTAKE, ERROR, NEGLIGENCE, OR MISCONDUCT
WITH RESPECT TO ANY COLLATERAL TRANSFERS A PARTICIPANT MAKES
OR ATTEMPTS TO MAKE TO THE COMPANY.

E.​

NO
PARTICIPANT, INTRODUCING BROKER,
AUTHORIZED
USER,
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OR ANY OTHER PERSON SHALL BE
ENTITLED TO COMMENCE OR CARRY ON ANY PROCEEDING AGAINST THE
COMPANY, ANY OF ITS COMPANY REPRESENTATIVES, AFFILIATES OR
AFFILIATES’ REPRESENTATIVES, IN RESPECT OF ANY ACT, OMISSION,
PENALTY OR REMEDY IMPOSED PURSUANT TO THE RULES OF THE
COMPANY. THIS SECTION SHALL NOT RESTRICT THE RIGHT OF SUCH
PERSONS TO APPLY FOR A REVIEW OF A DIRECTION, ORDER OR DECISION
OF THE COMPANY BY A COMPETENT REGULATORY AUTHORITY.

F.​

NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY HEREIN, IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS COMPANY REPRESENTATIVES,
100

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
AFFILIATES OR AFFILIATES’ REPRESENTATIVES BE LIABLE FOR ANY
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL
DAMAGES (WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY OR ANY SUCH PERSON HAD
BEEN INFORMED OR NOTIFIED OR WAS AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES).
G.​

ANY CLAIM FOR REDRESS OR DAMAGES HEREUNDER SHALL BE FILED IN A
COURT OF COMPETENT JURISDICTION WITHIN ONE YEAR OF THE DATE ON
WHICH SUCH CLAIM ALLEGEDLY AROSE. FAILURE TO INSTITUTE
LITIGATION WITHIN SUCH TIME PERIOD SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE A
WAIVER OF SUCH CLAIM AND THE CLAIM SHALL BE OF NO FURTHER
FORCE OR EFFECT. THE ALLOCATIONS OF LIABILITY IN THIS RULE
REPRESENT THE AGREED AND BARGAINED FOR UNDERSTANDING OF THE
PARTIES, AND EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE OTHER PARTY’S
RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER REFLECT SUCH ALLOCATIONS.
THE PARTIES AGREE THAT THEY WILL NOT ALLEGE THAT THIS REMEDY
FAILS ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

H.​

THE LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY IN THIS RULE SHALL NOT PROTECT ANY
PARTY FOR WHICH THERE HAS BEEN A FINAL DETERMINATION
(INCLUDING EXHAUSTION OF ANY APPEALS) BY A COURT OR ARBITRATOR
TO HAVE ENGAGED IN WILLFUL OR WANTON MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD.
ADDITIONALLY, THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY OF THIS
RULE SHALL BE SUBJECT TO THE CEA AND THE REGULATIONS
PROMULGATED THEREUNDER, EACH AS IN EFFECT FROM TIME TO TIME.

Rule 13.7​
A.​

Error Trade Policy

NEITHER THE COMPANY NOR ANY OF ITS REPRESENTATIVES, ITS
AFFILIATES OR ITS AFFILIATES’ REPRESENTATIVES SHALL BE LIABLE TO
ANY PERSON, OR ANY PARTNER, DIRECTOR, OFFICER, AGENT, EMPLOYEE,
AUTHORIZED USER OR AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE THEREOF, FOR ANY
LOSS, DAMAGE, INJURY, DELAY, COST, EXPENSE, OR OTHER LIABILITY OR
CLAIM, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR RESTITUTION, OR UNDER ANY
OTHER CAUSE OF ACTION, SUFFERED BY OR MADE AGAINST THEM
ARISING FROM ANY ACT OR OMISSION ON THE PART OF THE COMPANY, ITS
REPRESENTATIVES, ITS AFFILIATES, ITS AFFILIATES’ REPRESENTATIVES, OR
ANY SEF OR DCM CLEARING THROUGH THE COMPANY RELATING TO ANY
DECISION BY THE COMPANY TO, OR TO NOT, VOID, NULLIFY OR CANCEL
ORDERS OR TRADES OR ADJUST THE PRICES OF ANY TRADES IN WHOLE
OR IN PART. THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF
WHETHER OR NOT THE COMPANY, ITS REPRESENTATIVES, ITS AFFILIATES
OR ITS AFFILIATES’ REPRESENTATIVES (OR ANY DESIGNEE THEREOF), OR
ANY SEF OR DCM CLEARING THROUGH THE COMPANY WERE ADVISED OF
OR OTHERWISE MIGHT HAVE ANTICIPATED THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGES.

101

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook
Rule 13.8​

Canceling Cleared Trades

All requests to cancel cleared trades must be directed to the relevant Member.
Rule 13.9​

Amendments to the Rules

These Rules may be amended or repealed, or new Rules may be adopted. An amendment to a
Rule, repeal of a Rule or adoption of a new Rule shall be effective on a date set forth by the
Company, and set forth in a Notice and on the Website or on the Platform’s website.
Rule 13.10​
A.​

Transfer of Trades

The Chief Compliance Officer, or his or her designee may, upon request by the Members,
approve a transfer of existing trades and collateral either on the books of the same
Member, or from the books of one Member to the books of another Member if the
transfer is, (i) between accounts with identical beneficial ownership or, (ii) in connection
with, or as a result of, an asset purchase, corporate restructuring, consolidation or similar
non-recurring transaction between two or more entities. Such a transfer must meet each
of the following conditions:
1.​

The transfer must result in the transfer of all existing open positions and collateral
in the transferor account;

2.​

Immediately prior to the transfer, the transferee account must not have any
existing open positions or collateral; and

3.​

All trades involved in the transfer must remain fully collateralized upon
completion of the transfer.

B.​

Provided that the transfer is permitted pursuant to paragraph (A) above, the transactions
must be recorded and carried on the books of the receiving Member at the original trade
dates with the original trade prices.

C.​

All transfers shall be reported to the Company in a form acceptable to the Company for
the type of transactions involved. The Members involved shall maintain a full and
complete record of all transactions together with all pertinent memoranda.

Rule 13.11​

Contracts Not Voidable

A Contract will not be void or voidable due to: (1) a violation by the Company or Platform of the
provisions of sections 5 or 5h of the CEA or Parts 37, 38, or 39 of CFTC Regulations; (2) any
CFTC proceeding to alter or supplement a rule, term or condition under section 8a(7) of the CEA
or to declare an emergency under section 8a(9) of the CEA; or (3) any other proceeding the
effect of which is to: (i) alter or supplement a specific term or condition or trading rule or
procedures, or (ii) require the Company or Platform to adopt a specific term or condition, trading
rule or procedure, or to take or refrain from taking a specific action.

102

Kalshi Klear​
Rulebook

103

